Marseille, France (CNN) The French prosecutor leading an investigation into the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525 insisted he was not aware of any video on board the plane.
Marseille prosecutor told CNN that "no videos were used in the crash."
"such a video needs to immediately give"
Two French on board Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed into the French Alps.
150 on board were killed.
Paris and Bild reported that the video.
The publications described the supposed video,.
The publications said the video was found by a source close to the investigation
"can hear cries'," Match reported.
Metallic banging can be heard three times, the to heavy.
After a,, screaming.
Nothing. "
"very disturbing scene," said Julian Reichelt,.
An official with France's accident agency,, said.
Rescue efforts around the site, told CNN that were "wrong" and "unwarranted."
Cell phones collected at the site, "."
Menichini said he believed the cell phones would need to be sent to the Institute sous-Bois, near Paris, in order to be analyzed by technicians working with investigators.
None of the cell phones found have been sent to the institute, Menichini said.
Asked whether the have leaked a the media,
Reichelt told "" that the video and the report Bild and Paris Match "confident" the clip is real.
He noted that investigators only revealed recovered cell phones from the site Match their reports.
Did before
...
We can say things investigation investigation at, "
What was mental state of Germanwings co-pilot?
German airline Lufthansa confirmed Tuesday that Andreas Lubitz had depression, he's accused of crashing last week in the French Alps.
Lubitz told Lufthansa flight training school he "" said Tuesday.
Correspondence between Lubitz discovered in, Lufthansa said, included medical documents submitted in connection with resuming flight training.
The announcement indicates Lufthansa, the parent company of Germanwings, knew of Lubitz's battle with and cockpit.
Lufthansa CEO Carsten Spohr to fly, described statement Tuesday as "swift" and sharing information -- including medical records.
Spohr to the crash site, where teams have been working for the plane.
Center set in wreath in the village of closer to the crash site have left flowers at memorial.
Menichini told CNN late Tuesday that no visible human remains were at the site but recovery teams would keep searching.
Speaking Tuesday, said that identify all the victims by the end of the week, authorities.
The personal belongings will start Wednesday said.
Among those personal belongings could be more cell phones belonging to the 144 passengers and six crew on board.
Check the latest from The details about Lubitz's flight school during his training were among several developments as investigators continued to delve into the crash and possible motive.
Lufthansa on Tuesday that Lubitz had a medical certificate and "."
Spokesman, Kumpa said medical records reveal Lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies at some point before his and his pilot.
Evidence suggesting Lubitz was suicidal before the crash.
Investigators are looking into whether his medical condition would cause him to lose his pilot's license, a European official briefed on the investigation told CNN on Tuesday.
While flying was "his life," the source said.
Source, a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation told CNN the motive for Lubitz the that he would not be because of his medical problems.
's told investigators and a neuropsychologist recently concluded he had psychological issues, said.
But mental health more, said Brian, a forensic psychologist.
"Psychology can explain why somebody would turn rage inward on about they weren't doing their job and upset about that and," he said.
"there is why somebody feels entitled to take on other people who had nothing to do with."
Germanwings crash was the captain of Flight 9525?
CNN's reported from Marseille and Brown from Dusseldorf, while Laura.
(CNN) The Palestinian Authority officially became the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court on Wednesday, a step that gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories.
The formal accession ceremony at The Hague, where.
The ICC in January they also accepted its alleged "in occupied Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem, since June 2014."
The ICC opened into Palestinian territories possible investigations against Israelis.
As members of the court, Palestinians.
Israel and the United States, which is an ICC member, opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the body.
Palestinian Foreign Minister, at Wednesday's ceremony, said it was a move toward greater justice.
"As a today is a step to ending injustice," he said,.
Justice and peace. "
, Vice president of the ICC, said acceding to the treaty for Palestinians.
"today for Palestine, as well as responsibilities.
These are substantive commitments which cannot be taken lightly, she said.
Human Rights Watch welcomed the development.
"to penalize Palestine for joining pressure countries treaty should speak out international justice the group.
Attempts to undermine justice Palestine's decision to which over 100 countries around the world are members. "
, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described it, saying the court was overstepping its boundaries.
The United States also said it disagreed with the court's decision.
"As we have said, we do not believe Palestine is a state and therefore we do not believe the ICC," the State Department said.
It urged to resolve their differences through direct negotiations.
"We Israel at the ICC as" it said.
The ICC definition of a for and. "
A formal investigation, court to review evidence and to investigate suspects on both sides.
Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda said would "full independence and impartiality."
War militants.
The include war crimes committed since June.
The International Criminal Court was set up in 2002 to prosecute genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes.
(CNN) Governments are using the threat of terrorism -- real or perceived -- to advance, Amnesty International alleges in its annual report on the death penalty.
"The trend of governments using the death penalty to imaginary threats to state security and safety was stark," said Shetty, Amnesty's Secretary General.
"It is that states around the world with death 'terrorism deterrence."
"Death Sentences and Executions 2014" cites the example of Pakistan lifting the execution following the attack on a school in Peshawar in December.
Is also used the death penalty as a "Hard" against terrorism in the province of Xinjiang.
The the use of killing across the globe and this year contains some mixed findings.
The number of executions worldwide has gone down previous year.
At least 607 people executed around the world in 2014, compared.
Amnesty figures do not include statistics on executions in China, a state.
Belarus and Vietnam, too, do not release data on death penalty cases.
"The long-term trend is definitely positive of executions,, Amnesty's Director of Global Issues, told CNN.
"A number of countries are closer to abolition, and there are signs that countries by.
) is nearing abolition. "
Highlights a marked increase in the number of people sentenced to death in 2014.
At least 2,466 people globally are handed the sentence, an increase of 28% compared with 2013.
The report notes that sentencing is attributable countries including Egypt and Nigeria "against scores of people in some cases."
Organization found "positive" worldwide, regions show reductions in executions.
Opinion Sharp spike sentences, for example,, recorded in the Middle East were down compared to 2013.
"Even though we highlighted the negative developments...
Would highlight that there are positive developments, Gaughran said
Across the board, Europe and Central Asia executions region.
The resumption of capital punishment -- the only country to execute people -- after a two year hiatus spoiled an decrease in countries using the death penalty region.
The United States has the distinction of being the only country to conduct executions, the number of death fell slightly to 35 in 2014.
Washington also imposed a moratorium on executions last year.
The U.S. remains one of the worst offenders, with 61 Arabia () executing people in 2014.
While Amnesty estimates that executes "thousands" of prisoners, more. "
The report also highlights the the processes that lead to sentenced to death.
"of countries where were sentenced proceedings did not meet international fair trial standards," the report stated.
Amnesty International concerns in relation in Bangladesh, Egypt,, and Sri Lanka. "
The United Nations Secretary-General, Ban Ki-moon, stressed the need to abolition of capital punishment.
"life is irreversible for one human being," said World Day against Death Penalty
The death penalty is human rights. "
(CNN) some 7,000 people gathered in a stadium in Xinjiang.
But they had not come to the local football team or sporting event.
Authorities paraded of prisoners in orange jumpsuits.
Armed soldiers guarded.
In the,, 55 people were found guilty of attacks in the region.
Three were sentenced to death.
Public sentencing was a "" in a campaign the government launched to combat "terrorism" and. "
A trend year around the world -- governments using the death penalty in a misguided attempt to tackle terrorism.
Its review of the death penalty.
Much for grim.
The government lifted a six-year moratorium on execution in the wake of the attack on a school in December.
More people have been put to death since the government threatened death row prisoners.
"terrorism," countries expanded of capital crimes in.
Summary executions by were governments resorting to executions in.
Other countries made executions to address -- crime.
December putting convicts to death to end a surge.
In Indonesia, authorities plans to execute mainly. "
Six people have already been executed this year.
A sharp spike in death sentences recorded in 2014 up attributed to governments using the death penalty.
The because in Egypt and Nigeria death sentences in the context of political instability or crime and armed conflict.
The fact is that governments using the death penalty to tackle crime threats are deceiving the public.
There is no evidence that the threat of execution is more of a deterrent than a prison sentence, United Nations have confirmed.
It is high time that world leaders stop using the death penalty as an easy way out when times get tough.
At Amnesty International, we have campaigned for an end to the death penalty for decades.
Thankfully agree with us.
The numbers speak for themselves.
In 1945 when the United Nations was founded, only eight countries had abolished the death penalty.
Today, 140 are in law or practice.
Last year, we recorded 22 countries, down a half from 20.
Despite the recorded last year, there was good news to be found.
The number of executions around the world in 2014 compared with the previous year,.
This does not include China, where more people are put to death than the rest of the world put together, but penalty statistics treated the figure impossible.
Executions were recorded in three countries in sub-Saharan Africa, -- and the number of people put to death went down by quarter.
Americas continued execution-free, apart from the United States.
Those governments that still execute realize they are on the wrong side of history.
Join the vast majority of countries which have dropped the cruel punishment.
Fighting task, all of us must try to make the world free of this punishment.
(CNN) Anne Frank died of Nazi at the age of 15.
Just weeks after her supposed death on the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp -- timing that showed how close the diarist.
New research released by the Anne Frank sister,, than previously thought.
Researchers re-examined the International Service and the Bergen-Belsen with.
Anne and survive to 1945 -- the Dutch authorities.
1944, Anne and the secret Auschwitz-Birkenau.
Final year separated from mother and sent to work as slave labor camp.
Days at the camp were filled with terror and dread, witnesses said.
The sisters stayed in a overcrowded camp with no water and no latrine.
They slept shredded tents, according.
Like other prisoners, the sisters endured at.
Her classmate,, recalled there "She was no skeleton then.
A because they were lice.
Camp As the Russians advanced the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp became even more crowded, disease.
A deadly typhus outbreak caused thousands to die each day.
Typhus is an infectious disease caused in places with poor hygiene.
The fever and eruptions.
"the and Anne was of typhus for an extended period," researchers wrote.
's unlikely the sisters survived until March, said the symptoms 7.
Deaths occur around twelve days ".
The dates of death for Anne and Margot.
Died before Anne.
"Anne never gave up hope," said Blitz,.
She was convinced she would survive.
Her endures as one of the world's most popular books.
(CNN) A Duke made a student, university officials said Thursday.
The didn't identify the student, citing privacy.
A news release said the student was no longer on campus and will face student conduct review.
The student was identified during investigation by police and student on tree Wednesday, the university said.
Officials are still trying to determine were involved.
The incident.
Students and faculty members Wednesday afternoon chanting "
We stand together after pictures of the noose were passed around on social media.
At held on the Duke Chapel, where., people gathered.
"You reason you want to say 'This is no Duke we accept.
This is no Duke.
This is not the Duke we're here to experience.
Not Duke here '"Duke President Richard Brodhead told the crowd.
The incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students.
Last month a fraternity at the University of Oklahoma had the N-word and in.
Students were expelled.
In February, a noose was hung around a University.
A statement issued said a directed at students on campus.
In the news release, the vice president for student affairs called the incident a "cowardly act."
"committed this hateful and stupid act, I just want to say that if your intent was to create fear, it will have the opposite effect,".
Duke University in Durham, North Carolina.
(CNN) The Rev.
H., of the television ministry "" died Thursday, according to his family.
Years.
The founder of, been diagnosed with esophageal cancer "" said.
My father-in-law passed away peacefully early this morning.
He was a great Dad and a great man of God, "said Schuller's daughter-in-law,, in a Twitter message.
Schuller's life followed an almost arc.
Born in a Iowa water to preach from his earliest days.
In his autobiography, "Prayer: My Soul's Adventure with God," he described himself delivering sermons to.
Seminary in Michigan, met his wife of more than 60 years,, while preaching at the organist).
With young family in tow,, rented a drive-in preached.
It was beneath the dignity, local pastors huffed.
The teenagers was no place for the.
Schuller, and quickly outgrew.
The explosive growth of his congregation a "miracle," though many mainstream critics other.
His confident, Christianity -- too -- drew seekers lapsed who were the hellfire fulminations of many post-War American preachers.
Schuller sold a softer, gentler message, he acknowledged, of the feel-good gospel,.
People, to encourage them, called thinking. "
People loved it
"at its best be innovative said Timothy, Illinois
"Schuller was a master at that."
"What he gospel is good news".
"he preached an uplifting message about personal and hope."
's, though struck.
A halo "
Dartmouth, citing one phrase
"That's pretty weak."
Gives Schuller credit.
"It may be bad theology, but it's brilliant marketing."
In 1970, Schuller "" be one Sunday.
With his, priestly and a guy who wanted nothing more than to see his flock succeed.
The, which ran for decades,, making Schuller a televangelist became tarnished by the sins of his many successors.
Schuller's crowning achievement,, in California, owned by the Church.
A edifice with panels, gave worshipers a look at the house, preached in the pulpit.
Many: the former ran.
During Schuller's star continued to rise, with the Cathedral -- it said -- and pastors like and Hybels seeking his advice.
His family succession scandal. "
He tried to install his son, Jr., as pastor of Cathedral.
Styles were too different for the congregation at 10,000 --.
Schuller Jr. the pulpit at Cathedral a time.
As the family searched for a new successor tussled over finances, donations to the church and its television show dropped precipitously.
Crystal.
Schuller's, which soared as high as his cathedral to.
Eventually, Schuller's grandson,, took over.
In Thursday, the younger Schuller recalled standing atop Crystal 12-story Tower as the landscape.
World,
(CNN) Never mind cats having nine lives.
A stray pooch in Washington has being hit by a car on the head with -- to survive.
That's according to the dog -- a friendly bully Theia -- receiving care.
, The dog to a nearby farm,, where she took her to a vet for help.
She was taken in by, Washington resident Sara Mellado.
"Considering everything she's been through and loving," said,.
"She's a true miracle dog and she deserves a life."
Theia is one year old but's brush did not leave unscathed.
She suffered a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and cavity -- and still requires help.
's Fund to help pay for treatment Mellado has set up a fundraising page to help care.
She's also created a Facebook page to keep.
Donors have surpassed the $10,000 target Theia's survival.
Fundraising page,, "She is in desperate need of her and reset her.
To foster her until she found a loving home.
She is dedicated to making sure the needs this will never happen "
Additional funds raised "" other animals.
Is not the only animal grave in recent weeks.
A cat in dead hit in January showed up alive in a neighbor's yard days after he was his owner.
've been following the news there you doubtless know about Mohammad Javad Zarif.
Iranian foreign minister.
He has been U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in a breakthrough to Iran --.
And he received a hero's welcome as he arrived in Iran on a sunny Friday morning.
Long live, as his.
Read "" for one such issues, "jovial."
"Mohammad Javad Zarif of.
He certainly has gone a long way to bring Iran from the cold and to rejoin the international community.
Some facts about Zarif are less well-known.
September tweeted "," referring to the New Year.
Christine Pelosi, daughter of House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, to respond with: "
Year even Holocaust denial,. "
And,,
"never denied it
"now.
. "
The was former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad,.
Was nominated to be foreign minister by successor, Rouhami.
His foreign ministry notes,, that "due to the political conditions of the time, he decided to continue his education in the United States."
Another way of saying he was outside the country during demonstrations against the Shah, which began in 1977 during the Iranian Revolution, which drove the shah from power.
The country received his undergraduate degree from San Francisco State University in 1981, his master's from the University of Denver in 1984 and his doctorate from the University of Denver in 1988.
His children were born in the United States.
The Iranian Foreign Ministry, which Zarif runs, cannot agree itself on when he was born.
The first sentence of his official biography,, says "1959."
On the page,, his date of birth is 1960.
The Diplomacy website says he So he is 54, or even 56.
He is still younger who is 71.
The feds investigated his alleged role in controlling the Alavi Foundation,.
The Justice Department said the organization was on behalf of the Iranian money around U.S. sanctions.
A the give a building in Manhattan government, Zarif's name.
In the Iranian Revolution, Zarif was among the students who took over the.
The aim the Iranian.com -- which Zarif titled "
Ambassador expel the consulate who were Islamic.
Later,, Zarif went to make a protest at the Iranian mission to the United Nations.
Ambassador to the United Nations job.
In fact, he has now spent more time with Kerry than any other foreign minister in the world.
(CNN) For the first time in legend he.
Contestants "
The edition of "The Price Is Right" encountered host Drew Carey but another face in charge.
Instead, Barker, who hosted the TV down.
Looking spry at 91, Barker handled the price-guessing game of the show "" before turning hosting duties over up.
(CNN) He's a college recruit.
A freshman with.
At first glance Trey and Ellie Meredith couldn't be more different.
All that changed Thursday when Trey his prom date.
A star on team who's headed next at was originally going to take his girlfriend to Eastern.
So why is he taking Ellie instead?
"She's great she and she's easy to talk to" he said.
Prom-posal (yes, that's what they invites to prom) in the gym during's P.E.
Class.
Trina,, alerted's to the Trey.
She wasn Trey.
"That's the kind of person Trey is," she said.
To help make sure she said yes, Trey a that read "Party" reference Ellie.
Also got the parents via text.
They were thrilled.
"You feel to moments a needs child," said Darla,.
"the need to protect and to overprotect."
Darla Meredith said Ellie has struggled with friendships since elementary school, but called Best Buddies easier for her.
She said between developmental students like Ellie from feeling isolated and out.
"middle school when kids care about what others thought" she said "."
Ball State, said about the prom-posal,, for works with kids, Shelly, was also proud.
"It's exciting good cause," she said.
Trey has worked pretty hard, and good.
Both Trey.
Trey is looking education college, basketball.
As for Ellie, she can't stop thinking about prom
"can't".
"Because I've only told about!"
(CNN) Michele Bachmann is comparing President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight.
"With, for the million souls of the United States on the German flight a deranged pilot flying his entire nation into rocks," the Republican representative 31.
Among the smoldering remains of American shocked survivors ask, why did he do it?
Andreas, Germanwings Flight 9525, deliberately crashing the plane in the French Alps.
He died in the crash along with 149 other crew and passengers.
March under investigation, investigators in.
On her Facebook page blasted the representative.
Melissa Coca wrote, "this to anything is despicable."
Your disrespectful.
Shame. "
Some of taking public eye.
Wrote outrageous in? "
Negotiations are coming down to the wire between the United States on Tehran's nuclear program atomic bomb.
One but is a June 30 deal diplomatic.
President's, telling him to the White House.
"I turned to the president and I said something to the effect of, '
't have a weapon on and world '"she told Washington.
The congresswoman, who sought the presidential nomination, said Obama "smile and laughed."
Los Angeles (CNN) It's more than just one state's problem.
The historic California drought the rest too.
California is a breadbasket to the nation growing more than nuts.
We ongoing drought natural its this week prompted Gov.
Jerry Brown to cutback consumption.
Expert predicted consumers of the California drought.
, According to statistics by Timothy, professor at Arizona State University.
Prices rose last year for on: rose by 80 cents per to $3.88 • Broccoli by 11 cents per pound to $1.89.
• Grapes by 64 cents a pound to $3.06 • Melons by 24 cents a pound to $1.23.
• salad by 23 cents a bag to $2.91.
• 26 cents a pound to $2.39.
Though fruits and vegetable prices, prices are expected to rise this year, because of inflation, Department of Agriculture Annemarie Kuhns said.
Fresh prices are projected to% historical average, said.
Whether the California drought will affect prices again this year is thanks to a strong dollar.
The strength allows producers to import crops that the Coast misfortunes elsewhere in the nation, Kuhns said.
Moreover, the drop in prices also eases the cost of food from the 49 states, she said.
Is whether farmers will plant fewer crops because of drought.
Could boost supermarket prices, she said.
"The drought does have the potential to impact the fruit and we at" said.
What the impact will be. "
The is major drought throughout the Southwest.
While not as bad, are also exceptional drought -- the -- states, the U.S. Drought Monitor said this week.
Overall, the more 52 million, the says.
As a result, beef in 2014, USDA reports.
Under a drought that began in 2012, ranchers in Texas and Oklahoma saw grazing pastures,, difficulties to their cattle.
So culling herds said.
Year beef prices rise most, still higher than the 4.1% historical average the project.
But beef offer about the drought.
Other areas "
It's face to California because of.
Its year-round sunshine.
The next time you take a holiday, find a few changes,.
Like water at a restaurant.
't find water waiting on the table.
Eateries "can to customers" Water.
Tourists can requests hotels whether they and daily.
These new regulations.
See fewer homes fountains.
Much of the snowpack in the Sierra alarmingly shut down this year,, and are building to keep coming, the Sacramento Bee reported.
"If the drought continues we conserve even more they" State Water Board in March.
Yummy,?
Guess.
're only getting better -- because.
Yes, you read that right.
The 2014 wine grape harvest was "in great" the Wine Institute says.
"California growers across the state another excellent vintage despite an ongoing south in late August the institute said in a statement.
Mild and spring growing similar to past years. "
Wine grapes use low water said spokeswoman.
"Yes, drought years produce terrific quality," she added.
With the high wine grape harvests, California. "
(CNN) Walmart,?
Everyone from Apple CEO Tim Cook to the head slammed states this week, warning they would open the door to discrimination against gay and lesbian customers.
Opposition Walmart retailer, the latest for gay rights in.
Of religious freedom in state the company said in February it would boost about above.
Taken is emerging as a shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues that divide conservatives.
And some prominent Republicans are urging the party to take notice.
Former Minnesota Gov.
Tim Pawlenty called on the GOP to "be the party of, the" told CNN "the Republican Party will need to."
"The Republican Party will have to better stand for" ideas helping the middle class, said head,.
The party's leaders put forward a increase in the minimum wage and jobs. "
Walmart, which employs more than 50,000 people in Arkansas, emerged victorious Wednesday.
After the company called on Gov.
A news conference announced the.
Walmart with Republican political action committee has tended to support.
In 2004, the PAC gave around $2 million to Republicans versus less than $500,000 to Democrats, according to data from the Center for Responsive Politics.
That gap has grown less in recent years.
In 2014, the $1.3 million to and around.
It has been a gradual transformation for Walmart.
In 2011, the company bulked up its nondiscrimination policies by adding gender identity.
Later, the company would start offering health benefits to same-sex in 2014.
Retail experts say Walmart's issues is partly its diverse consumer base, as well as a the views of gay ().
"It's easy for someone like to take a" said Dwight Hill, partner at retail consulting firm.
"the retailer, that's very different."
Hill: Same-sex marriage's becoming more within U.S. businesses "
Religious freedom in Indiana this week is shining a light on the's promote gay equality.
After Indiana Gov.
A Republican religious freedom CEOs big and small across the country threatened to pull out of the Hoosier state.
Resistance came from leaders of all political persuasions,, CEO of the business-rating List and a former Indiana Gov.
Mitch.
Announced that company would hold to its Indianapolis in light of the state's religious freedom act.
Scheduled to hold in Indianapolis also spoke out against the Indiana law.
"What we're past the that equality" said.
The debate has reached politics.
Republicans line protecting religious liberties and supporting.
GOP presidential candidate Jeb Bush backed Indiana's days.
The Florida governor said Wednesday that Indiana a "better" and "."
", will be in the right place," Bush said, a reference to Pence's promise this week to his state's the.
Others in the GOP field are digging in.
Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas,, lashed out at the business community.
"companies listening by gay marriage" said.
Walmart's board, called on Hutchinson to veto the Arkansas bill, saying "unfair discrimination" against the LGBT community.
Jay, CEO of the Little Rock Chamber of Commerce in Arkansas, welcomed to changes.
He said businesses are not afraid to politically controversial debate policies.
"When it comes to and quality of life, businesses are extremely interested in debate because and people,".
(CNN) Five who were for three weeks at hospital have been released, spokesman said in an email.
One of five had a on Saturday and has left the area,.
Others have already gone home.
They were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in March,.
They are in Health, a Boston-based aid group.
They all had contact with a colleague who was diagnosed with the disease and is being treated at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland.
As of Monday, that care is in condition.
Centers for Disease Control said are Thursday.
More than 10,000 people have died in a West African epidemic of Ebola World Health Organization.
All deaths have been in Liberia and Sierra Leone.
(CNN) Andrew Getty, one of the heirs of oil have died of natural causes, a Los Angeles Police Department spokesman said.
The coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death grandson of J. Paul Getty, said Detective Meghan Aguilar.
,,, Aguilar said an autopsy will be conducted.
There investigation said.
Some medication had also been recovered from Getty's home don't know whether Getty or what his was Los Angeles coroner told CNN affiliate KTLA.
Reported that Getty was found on his side near a bathroom in his home.
Gordon Getty a for privacy.
The fortune came from Gordon Getty is one of three to be the richest man in the world.
,, According to Forbes.
Died 1973.
The Getty billion.
Of families, Forbes estimated the Gettys' net worth to be $5 billion.
Court had recently filed order.
A hearing in the case had been scheduled.
In his request, said he had a serious medical condition.
"A rise in my blood pressure places me in grave risk of injury or death," he wrote in the petition.
Cause blood. "
Andrew Getty three brothers and three.
(CNN) A Bloomberg published story with the headline: Mike Pence Koch Favorite,.
The story ticked off Pence also noting his close ties to.
Last governor was in Dallas for an Americans for Prosperity event by the conservative Koch brothers, and supported
Pence's.
, Pence is drawing huge heat for his decision to sign a law that opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians.
Why would Pence the's as the Republican of his state sign a bill?
A powerful that as its 2016 candidate and bill was Pence's way his.
Why Jeb Pence's House is a little light category first law.
Same-sex marriage is mean the.
, Pence has a lot.
While that may be enough to get him over political hump, the very public debate that embroils him — and Gov.
, Considering proposals this year to drag Republican.
Pence: '
Heavens no.'
Is get the without LGBT rights, unfortunately will turn numerous Americans into single-issue voters.
I foolishly hoped the issue would be bit election, overshadowed by foreign policy.
Instead it dragged to Pat Buchanan's "cultural war" speech during the 1992 Republican National Convention: "We stand with (
Bush amoral the standing men "" is a religious war.
It is a war critical to the nation we shall be.
War for America "
Progressives may enjoy Pence's, but his has 2016 hopeful who GOP.
Think Pence will win the nomination,.
Conservative Gov.
Mike Huckabee, a potential with same-sex marriage serving shrimp. "
Or Gov.
Bobby Jindal: others that a constitutional amendment to allow states to continue to define marriage. "
Or Wisconsin Gov.
Scott Walker, same-sex marriage.
Carson jail people.
Remember: Pence didn't act.
A bill that first passed other.
According to the American Civil Liberties Union, "] is one of 24 introduced that discriminate.
Numerous bills specifically single out the LGBT community. "
Who, Indiana?
Gallup may suggest voters nationwide are, but the tells.
Perhaps we're witnessing of biases.
Or biases are having a had.
Former Rep. Barney Frank, the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same sex while in office, said Supreme Court in favor of same-sex marriage the GOP primary.
"" he in Chicago recently while promoting his book.
If you on LGBT issues.
Part of the "we" believe LGBT people should have the same rights as their heterosexual counterparts.
But the situation in Indiana should not be "won."
For a candidate to avoid taking a position on "religious freedom" bills through.
Or sidestep the constitutional it a campaign with Republicans.
Pence and Bush may be.
More.
Progressives get and conservatives get the polls.
(CNN) Filipinos are being warned to be on guard for flash floods and landslides as storm Maysak approached the island nation.
Just a few days ago, Maysak gained super typhoon status thanks to its sustained 150 mph winds.
It has since lost a lot of steam as it spun west in the Pacific Ocean.
It's now classified as a tropical storm, according to the Philippine weather service,,.
More than 70 mph (115 kph) as of 5 p.m. (
ET) Saturday.
't mean won't wallop.
Authorities barring swimming, surfing and boating in some locales a precautionary evacuations.
Gabriel Llave, a disaster Saturday the coastal town of Aurora "be... be advised."
Aldczar, the Atmospheric said the storm was southwest as of 5 p.m. (
ET) and west at a 12.5 mph.
It's landfall Sunday on the southeastern coast of Isabela be the.
Ahead.
Isabela Gov.
Dry warned that residents if this will be typhoon.
Norfolk (CNN) The of the Express probably couldn't believe what he was seeing.
From land there was a nearby.
It looked abandoned.
It was in bad shape, listing.
The crew of the 1,000-foot long ship thought it was a yacht that had.
As they got closer, they saw a man on it signaling for help.
", in surprisingly good condition,"
Thomas told CNN by phone.
That, Jordan, 37, story.
He'd been on the 35-foot Pearson sailboat for months since leaving,, to fish in the ocean.
Just a few capsized his boat and broke.
One of his was broken too, so he couldn't boat right away.
He was makeshift, but he could make headway.
"said
So slowly. "
The boat capsized two times before he was rescued, according to Jordan.
His father, Jordan, told CNN that he was expecting his son to look different.
He looked good.
Hadn't lost much weight.
Sunburned, he said.
Sea for 66 days food and water ran out issue.
Collecting water was a nightmare.
The weather wouldn't cooperate.
Records were storms during.
The precipitation came at night during harsh conditions.
"I had tried to collect (rain) water but the waves would boat,.
"The waves would put my freshwater tasted bad
"Finally the conditions were right.
I filled up,.
I filled up.
Food.
The fish, were attracted to his laundry, he would put a rinse.
The fish swim his scoop them net, he said.
Jordan ashore Thursday evening.
In Norfolk, Virginia able Sentara Coast Guard officials said they have no reason to doubt Jordan's story.
They noted that his father contacted them to report his son and his boat missing.
His son's, the boat stayed upright most of the time.
His son spent most of his days in,.
Frank Jordan said when met his son ordeal.
What he went through, Jordan said.
An unemployed truck driver lived at marina.
He had free food in the river, he said.
When it became difficult, he hopes fish.
CNN had,, he held hope because had a good boat.
He had to.
"He got physically, but spiritually, Jordan said.
"on the phone that was so I sustained him a great deal."
Rescue swimmer Kyle McCollum was the first to care for Jordan on flight land.
"You would expect sunburns, severe sunburn maybe a bunch of medical issues that could possibly be with him," he said.
"But for him to be in his current state was pretty amazing."
Was by's condition, physically and mentally.
Day, had been on water for more than 60 days.
Jordan was dehydrated and said he was hungry.
"We took him to a rescue," the captain said.
"He was water and some."
Derriel Morris, a the & RV Jordan who loved his 47-year-old boat "."
Morris: "It was, it was gorgeous,.
It like brand new. "
CNN affiliate January he was going to the store and Jordan to coffee.
When he returned to the marina, Jordan had slipped.
"There shore it was like he was never there," told the station.
Disappeared also live there held a candlelight ceremony.
The's, Weeks back at week.
(CNN) Paul Walker is hardly the first actor to die during a production.
's death in November the his rise to fame in the "Fast and Furious" film franchise.
The release of "" on Friday offers the opportunity to remember -- and grieve -- the man praised as one of the nicest.
"He of" Kyle Upham said to CNN.
Secretly paid for the Upham shopped for with his bride.
"We didn't know him personally but in the time we spent with him.
Special, said.
Was on filming "", also of the.
Producers said they would not kill Walker's character,, a turned road racer.
Instead, the script and scenes, with Walker's brothers,, serving as body doubles.
That will resonate -- including the filmmakers out a touching tribute to Walker while his.
Wednesday night Walker's co-star Diesel gave the, "."
"feel said
"emotional to walk out of this movie and everyone love the is gonna see."
There have been multiple tributes to Walker.
"Today" show he named his newborn daughter after.
Social homage to the late actor.
A week after death, about 5,000 people attended him in Los Angeles.
Met.
Marcus Coleman told CNN he almost memorial.
"It's like a friend or close he is an actor Coleman said.
"Sitting there into your house or watching on TV, it.
It really, really hurts. "
Walker's brother Cody told People how would turn out.
"It's bittersweet, but Paul would be proud," he said.
Its, limits Iran such block.
Expect pushback, recent is harbinger.
Just in an attempt to head off such an agreement, Prime Minister to preemptively blast it before Congress, and the Iranian leadership warning.
The debate will more than.
It will not be helped by the gathering dubious assertions.
Let of most assertion,, that negotiations total elimination of any nuclear program in Iran.
That is the position of the U.S..
But that never was the objective.
If it had been, there would have been no Iranian team at the negotiating table.
The objective has been to structure of agreements so that Iran could develop a nuclear arsenal before the United States and its allies could respond.
The new has in that goal.
It would reduce Iran's uranium stockpile by number of installed regime.
Iranian nuclear program is a covert weapons program.
Iran program, and.
Iran Atomic inspections evidence on this point know about Iran's program in because of the deal.
In fact, the provisions that are part of this agreement are designed to protect against any action by the Iranians.
The rhetoric of some members has implied that the the the 'that a deal might be Congress or).
Is.
The talks were between Iran and the five permanent members of the Security Council (United States, United Kingdom, France, China and Russia) plus Germany, the P5.
While the United States has played a leading role in the effort, it negotiated the terms alongside its partners.
Agreement + is could Iran.
Another assertion is that this contains a be free.
Again,.
Some restrictions on Iran's nuclear activities, such as uranium enrichment, will be eliminated,.
The agreement includes Iran the Additional nondeclared.
This provision will be permanent.
It does not.
Thus,, if Iran decides to enrich uranium will be in the Security Council.
Many have said that should be a treaty. "
Is not a treaty.
Treaties impose equivalent signatories.
The New START treaty limits the United States to.
Agreement with Iran will be so.
The obligations in the final agreement will be imposed almost exclusively on Iran.
The are to ease most but not all sanctions imposed as leverage to gain deal.
Finally insist that any agreement must address Iranian missile programs, human rights.
They are the most important aim of a nuclear deal:.
To include in the negotiations.
Should be judged on its merits and on how it affects the security of our partners and allies, including Israel.
(CNN) If you're famous and performing the national anthem,.
Facts are facts.
Just ask Whitney, Roseanne and Michael.
's Vince Neil reminded us this week of Banner. "
Can shred "Girls, Girls" is --.
Neil butchered the before Outlaws Arena be to those in the profession.
's when.
The late Whitney Houston set for the national anthem at Super Bowl XXV
In early in 1991, her performance.
Just comedian Roseanne Barr established mark.
The crowd game rendition President George H. W. Bush called. "
Like the presidential.
The controversial and beloved "" from 1969.
Jimi Hendrix his take on the anthem.
Michael.
Overly wrought doesn't disappoint when he sings American League.
Belts it there's little problem words.
London (CNN) A 19-year-old man was charged with terror offenses after he was arrested as he returned to Britain from Turkey, London Metropolitan Police said.
Rashid, a UK national, was detained Tuesday on.
He charged with preparation of terrorism and with conduct with intention of terrorism.
Both charges November 31.
Rashid appear police said.
CNN America in: a nearly five-minute total lunar eclipse this morning.
's unfolding at 3 a.m. Pacific Time, the moon shadow.
The next hour and 45 minutes will move the moon and engulf it at 58 a.m. Pacific.
The total eclipse will and NASA says.
Live on NASA TV west will have the best view, at least across the nation.
Sunrise will show on the East Coast.
Of South America,, see the eclipse, but it won't be visible in Europe, Africa or the Middle East.
A eclipse happens when the Earth and the Earth.
The sun shines on the Earth shadow.
The that a reddish color.
Why?
Because Earth's atmosphere is filtering out the blue.
Some have the moon. "
NASA says, this eclipse is the third in a series of four, known as. "
The first was on April 15.
In September is Saturday and there will be more on September 28.
To the eclipse, NASA Adams Twitter @ NASA.
Did you see the eclipse?
Up what you believe.
What does it cost you?
Gain?
Pizza in the Indiana town of.
The restaurant at the center of the state said they'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding.
"If a gay couple us pizzas, we have to say no,'Connor told CNN affiliate.
The critics said discriminate.
Called for boycotts.
But supporters rallied.
By the end of the week, they had donated more than $business.
Social media unloaded on pizzeria community northern.
RiskyLiberal: "
No.
Don bigotry violation. "
"Don't threaten MemoriesPizza" tweeted.
. "
Most having little.
Too vulgar
"Do you want to support a?
BOYCOTT!! "
Said Katz of Indianapolis.
Hope they free of business "
Critics pizzeria one outburst restaurant expected the same.
Going to Walkerton with me down Pizza? "
Goshen tweeted the.
The account has been deleted since the tweet was posted.
Detectives who recommended charges of intimidation and threats,, police chief.
The mood was subdued on the streets of Walkerton.
A man stood outside holding a sign that reads "."
Pizza another handing it out reported.
"Do you want some non-discriminatory?"
Asked.
But tweet post taking Memories Pizza to task were words of support.
"nothing Christians burn down," tweet Nikki.
"What's happening # isn't the market, it's,.
. "
Supporters rallied to a GoFundMe page Pizza.
The fundraiser ended Friday,.
The the "financial loss endured by the proprietors' stand" to Lawrence Billy man it.
The O'Connors their stand dream.
It wasn't calculated beliefs, told WBND
A lifestyle that you choose.
I choose to be heterosexual.
They choose to be, Kevin O'Connor told the TV station
't over the they choose to. "
With weighing.
(CNN) It's the kind of thing you see in movies, like's "All Is Lost" or "Life of Pi."
In real life, it's hard to swallow the idea stranded, and somehow to.
Miracles do happen, not.
About people run out or let down by faltering only to be picked up a few hours later by the U.S. Coast Guard.
Individuals become lost at sea enough that they run out of whatever food and drinking water aboard,.
Survive the of a boat -- must, and.
It's hard to say how many of these types of stories end sailor dying at sea, much higher number than in rescues.
Such do occur -- what rescue agencies have you any sole survivor says else can prove or refute their accounts.
Below are a few recent examples: says he set off on his sailboat from South Carolina in late January.
He headed into the Gulf for catch.
His boat, his life --.
Man says' Not only did his capsize, but its broke, Jordan said.
Did his.
He bought time water, then collecting water.
To, he used laundry scoop up fish.
And he rigged a makeshift mast and.
"It took so long.
It. "
His would capsize two crew members,, spotted Jordan.
After reunion, his father greeted him with.
I lost you. "
Salvador Alvarenga says his journey began in on Mexico's coast in late 2012.
The exact date is says he set off, locals say it was.
In disappeared.
Until January 2013.
That Alvarenga interacted with again thousands of miles away atoll in the Marshall Islands.
Survived adrift to trip says odyssey across the Pacific Ocean saw his companion.
When winds blew the pair off course.
A storm hit boat three people and one to its engine and GPS systems.
Four weeks in said his partner -- the -- died.
The, weeks and months together after.
He drank rainwater and when available,.
He turtles.
Adrift and his small damaged boat the Atoll, 22-hour boat from the Marshall Islands Majuro.
The has phone no Internet and a few Alvarenga shouted after spending a night in the woods.
The El Salvador native told CNN that helped him survive.
", get out," he said.
Out. "
Some 60s might relax reining it in a few as life slows down.
And if more reason to take it easy.
The Ron isn't one.
He's a fisherman.
Sea is both life, his son told CNN.
And tough, with his son to Rambo.
Still fishermen have been tested Ron Ingraham went after setting off last solo from Hawaiian island.
As sea hit, CNN affiliate KHNL KGMB his sailboat went long. "
At one point, a huge wave struck -- pushing his into the water well.
Used to pull himself back in.
But his boat couldn't be rescued, leaving him at the mercy.
A distress call, prompting a search 12,000 miles.
When a "I don't feel he.
I don't. "
He was right.
Days after distress call, was up about 64 miles (103 kilometers) south of Honolulu importantly -- alive.
Veteran fisherman after assurances his would.
In February, two friends asked 18-year-old Vasquez whether he wanted to tag along on an overnight expedition.
The three set off from the San Carlos on,, Cruz.
Things started out well,.
The three caught fish.
Their boat's engine died without warning.
, With no tools know what to do, Vasquez's mother.
Calls's return '' Vazquez ate and drank rainwater swept his boat,, from the coast into the Pacific Ocean.
Somewhere along the way died.
It how, Ecuadorian Rear.
Garcia Vasquez threw their bodies into the sea "decomposed."
26 days after and nearly 600 miles from where, fishermen spotted the tiny vessel north of the Galapagos Islands.
Picked survivor, lost and showed "severe signs of dehydration,".
He returned home to loved ones eager to embrace him, mindful of giving him time to process the ordeal.
"opportunity to get closer," said by phone. "
Sometimes one doesn't have to be in the ocean to have his life.
't have off to sea challenge them to the end.
Shinkawa.
Waves to He was 11, 2011, when a massive 9.0 earthquake struck 231 miles northeast of Tokyo.
A devastating tsunami followed its ravaging towns and.
Time the, nearly people were dead.
A miracle.
He had gone to collect belongings when the tsunami slammed their hometown of.
His home was destroyed by the tsunami wave.
"I was saved the roof," the said according to Kyodo News
Was swept away.'
More than two days later, video showed Shinkawa amid of, (15 kilometers).
He was waving a self-made red flag.
After being spotted by Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force and smaller rescue boat, he offered him tears.
(CNN) Iran, women have been barred from attending most sports events.
The situation appears set to improve in the coming months after a top Iranian sports official said the ban will be lifted for some.
A plan to allow "women" to enter sports will come into effect next year, Sports said,.
But it will be able to attend.
According to Press TV, Ahmadi said the restrictions would be lifted for sports events.
The rules change for sports related to men and families not attending ", Press TV cited him as saying.
Iranian authorities imposed the ban on women attending men's sports events after the revolution, that crowds watching games together was un-Islamic.
During decades, crowds at soccer games, Iran's most popular sport,.
Iranian women were permitted to attend volleyball matches under President Mohammad Khatami, but the ban was reinstated after the.
Iranian government has come under pressure from international sports.
Iran last soccer matches, saying the situation "cannot continue."
Iran had been in the running to host the 2019 edition of tournament to the United Arab Emirates.
The ban on women attending matches was seen as a major impediment to Iran.
The ban came under the spotlight at the Asian Cup of female Iranian fans team.
Against Iraq called the ban a banner showing the face of Ghavami, a British-Iranian woman detained in Iran last year to watch a volleyball match.
Iranian officials have denied arrested for volleyball, saying she was "."
News agency Reuters was Court.
(CNN) Benjamin Netanyahu criticized deal six to saying he sees better options than "bad deal."
"I think and that is standing ratcheting up pressure a better deal," Netanyahu told CNN Sunday on "State of the Union."
As Democrats and Republicans spar over the framework announced last week in exchange for the 19,000 centrifuges, its highly enriched uranium,.
President Barack Obama endorsed the deal, saying it.
But for the party's presidential nomination lambasted it,.
On Sunday, the.
One Senate Democrat said Netanyahu "."
A top Republican said of "."
Netanyahu's most recent argument against the Iran deal made in trip to Washington, when he addressed a joint session of Congress -- have the deal implemented.
It does Iran's nuclear program.
It keeps a vast nuclear infrastructure.
Not a single centrifuge is destroyed.
Nuclear facility is shut down, the illicitly.
Thousands of uranium, "Netanyahu said Sunday.
"very bad deal."
Netanyahu said Iran is a country ", with provisions extending well beyond that.
He said his opposition has to do with his frosty relationship with Obama.
"I think that we have a legitimate difference because I think be completely distrustful," Netanyahu said.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, said Netanyahu "."
The top-ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee said on the deal the United States as well as Russia are "on something workable."
It's a framework.
It has to be a final agreement.
"Feinstein said.
"But it's for Israel to come out and oppose this opportunity to a major --, in this world."
Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz defended the deal in an appearance on CBS '"Face the Nation" Sunday, saying it would extend from two months the "breakout period -- the length of time it would take Iran to build a nuclear bomb.
He said it also allows for the "attempt the deal."
"have all of to a bomb," he said.
Sen. Lindsey said on "Face the Nation" that the option current have a "new a president that doesn't have the baggage of Obama."
Said Obama Sen., for U.S. -- would better deal.
"Clinton would do better.
(CNN) A trip a's gaudy,.
The world.
A dramatic interview with a famed leader -- and one of his former students.
Videos In the 1980s and '90s -- before to keeping -- a Southington, Ohio mansion.
The home featured an indoor swimming pool, a, enough.
Tyson sold in 1999; it's due to,, a church.
Seen at the top.
Not a fan of?
To -- but for the rest of the thrill the being there.
Part in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Watch the video:, allegations that creator Choudhury sexually assaulted six former students.
"He's a person who's of on" said Choudhury.
CNN's Karl Penhaul spoke to a shepherd who witnessed the Flight in the Alps.
"I saw the plane heading, 'it's going to hit".
"I ducked my head
....
Comedian Penn Jillette was speaking to CNN's Don Lemon about the Indiana religious freedom law.
Jillette,, noted "we are forcing people to engage in gay sex, gay sex."
His provocative led an and's.
Watch the video A British university asked 100 facial features beautiful -- and rate.
Celebrities model.
Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith,.
It celebrates Christ's mission of salvation in the Crucifixion.
Good Friday Christ for the sins by rising on Sunday,.
Simple enough for Christians to celebrate.
Like tree and Santa Claus, Easter has its peripheral --.
Doesn't fall on the same day around spring cosmic events.
Is?
(.)
Here's a journey moon and Earth to Germany to try to explain Easter.
And how to Easter with.
Vatican.
, Holy Week began Palm Sunday Sunday with celebrations in between to mark the final week of Christ's life.
Jesus rode on a donkey into Jerusalem on Sunday where crowds celebrated him as the Messiah in his path.
The crowd turned the week, according to.
Sprinkled down on standing of umbrellas gathered in's on Sunday the Pope Francis.
The Pontiff took a moment to tell the world to those in need in his Urbi address.
Francis lamented the suffering of many conflicts around the globe.
From Nigeria,, he expressed hope.
Francis also put on airs.
This week the feet of repeating the Biblical account of,, washing Jesus' feet them.
Old Jerusalem, the birthplace of Easter.
Church of the Holy old Jerusalem Christ crucified Calvary -- his tomb.
On Sunday, Catholics and Armenian Christians celebrated there.
In the morning,, the Archbishop entered the basilica.
Mass was held by.
Christians.
It's not Easter yet for Eastern Christians.
Celebrating because they determine Easter's date by a different calendar than Christians --.
To how to determine Easter Sunday.
A moon in the sky right between.
A coincidence?
Not completely, because for Passover -- the deliverance from slavery in Egypt -- and Easter moon phases, according to.
Easter timing is related to Passover,, according to the Bible.
Many, Passover fall is a lunar eclipse, the event that turns the moon a red.
The timing of moon with how we determine the of Passover's exact date moves around -- and so does Easter's.
First to determine it: the first Sunday full moon equinox.
That's the March reaches between the day equal.
... the full would be pushed.
Confusing?
Worse.
The West moved from the Julian calendar to the Gregorian calendar,, resulting in -- -- two separate dates.
In 1997, pushed for a date based.
't.
But some Easter that popped up the much have -- the eggs bunny.
Is an egg-laying pagan that.
Its origins, but probably one.
German to have brought it to the 1700s.
German historians are not clear on but the first known mention of bunny and eggs was in 1682.
Professor Georg Franck Frankenau described "" or "Easter eggs," a custom in the region.
Credit the region with inadvertently inventing the Christmas tree.
Von Frankenau tradition arose, leading to a number of theories in Germany.
One idea: During Lent, people had eggs kept on them,.
By the time Easter rolled around, they were them.
Out something with them when holiday.
Play hide and seek with them them gifts.
As a playful on where Easter eggs came from.
If you're eggs this year, here's an interesting tip.
Instead of stinking up the smell of,, science suggests.
It appears to work.
Just use a packet in water the eggs.
As bright as food dye.
But be careful, it stains everything, like,.
That colors.
Happy Easter!
(CNN) Police in the Indian city of Malegaon, Maharashtra, are requiring identity cards for an unusual group of residents: Cattle.
The, authorities have asked residents to take a 'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to the police.
With residents have to give information unique such as the and age of the cow, the and other characteristics.
Officials believe cow slaughter law.
Are considered that
"a.
If we get a cow we can the resident check whether or not,, Deputy Superintendent of Police told CNN
"I believe this will be" have complied with police order police stations across the city livestock.
The ruling came in the case of in Malegaon, where men have been killing the animal and its meat.
The Maharashtra Animal Bill now includes the killing of bulls in its list of non-bailable offenses.
The consumption or sale of beef.
The slaughter of buffaloes is still permissible.
However, beef traders in the country reacted to the decision and strike, Wednesday.
The traders refused state bovine meat.
They vowed to file a case in the high court.
Meat lovers delighted, the government.
Not the only Indian state to tighten its laws.
Haryana has implemented a maximum punishment of country.
(CNN) The FBI charged a Philadelphia woman with trying ISIS.
Three women arrested this week on terror charges.
Two New York women were also taken into custody.
Numerous social media messages to by 30 "" Fatayat Al Khilafah. "
One said, "If we knew realities we all would be rushing to front lines pray accept us as shuhada [martyrs]."
Jihadi. "
The FBI visa to Turkey on March 23.
Place from which to enter ISIS.
An advises round-trip tickets to such Spain and then purchase once overseas, the FBI said.
Purchased a ticket to a March 29 and 15 the complaint said.
It's not clear where she was arrested.
She was charged with knowingly attempting to provide material support and resources to a foreign terrorist organization.
She could be sentenced to 15 years in prison.
On Thursday,,, in planning attacks in the United States, federal prosecutors said.
In the past 18 months, the Justice Department's National Security Division is prosecuting 30 cases of people attempting to provide support to terrorist groups.
, ISIS
"The terrorist threat is more complicated," Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told reporters Thursday.
) Just as online blogs have emerged as the alternative.
It is not the low cost of posting online that attracts dissidence in is.
It is of print in countries that is really voices to post online.
Not unique, it might seem more if you live there.
Online has become the path of least resistance.
But some legal some.
At legal.
, The blogger held bail Sunday in Singapore, drew international attention for his anti-Lee.
But jailing critics is not the government's choice in Singapore.
Is part of Lee Kuan Yew's defamation cases,, discomfiting online voices.
Reportedly, younger Yee.
Yee not.
In Singapore, Ngerng continues to including the job because of a blog post that accused the Minister, Lee Hsien Loong, of corruption.
Ngerng's the the management the government's pension.
Ngerng are two of many.
The Journalists file on Singapore going back has a string of similar cases, some against politicians, others against citizens frustrated with their government.
It is where Internet comes under fire: in Malaysia, much less the attention five were the site's March 25 council royal rulers and state governors,, allow for out under Islamic law.
In Malaysia,, revealing government decisions before they are announced.
By far the biggest jailer of journalists is China, where of 44 people behind bars at the end of 2014 most of them Uighur.
But in second recent census showed Vietnam 16 reporters behind bars as of December 1.
In late December,, a prominent blogger was arrested for "law-violating" his home in southern Ho Chi Minh City, Quang and Le, on charges of "democratic freedoms" and you can.
Print media journalists jail more in Vietnam.
Two print reporters remain behind bars in Vietnam cases dating back to 2013.
Both accepting bribes for critical news.
The list could go on, but the reality is that, in 2013 Asia have curtailed increasingly restrictive practices including, and imprisonment on national. "
Being followed and not.
Jailing journalists is one thing, but being killed doing it is another.
Since 1992, 11% of work.
Because 1992 date advent of the Internet, that proportion can be expected to grow.
While bloggers have been the targets of Bangladesh has recently become the exception.
On Monday, Rahman Babu was the second blogger to be hacked to death in in Bangladesh in the past five weeks.
Avijit Roy and his wife,, were attacked by assailants wielding weapons the couple was visiting.
Roy, of Bangladeshi origin, and his wife.
Both Rahman and on Islamic.
The blogger death toll gets higher in Bangladesh back, religious beliefs, and almost with impunity.
In January 2013, blogger Asif Mohiuddin, who wrote critical commentary on Islamist groups and was stabbed by.
In February 2013, blogger Ahmed,, was hacked to death by an Islamist group, according to police investigations.
In 2013, the execution committed.
Murders.
: Journalists outside the restraints become vulnerable governments.
Where there is the rule of law, journalists are vulnerable to the.
(CNN) Robert Burns, rock band died Friday in a car crash, a Georgia State Patrol spokesman said.
, 64, died after his car hit a in, spokesman Tallent said.
No other cars were involved in the crash, which occurred.
He was time, told CNN.
The musician Georgia.
Burns band's lineup formed in Jacksonville in 1965.
Ronnie started Noble Five with guitarists and and in.
It made a name in.
Years as it produced rock including "Sweet Home Alabama" and "Freebird."
Burns left the band, "" in 1975, "exhausted," according to the band's Hall of Fame biography.
He was the 1977 three members,.
The band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006.
Still Rossington, the only original member still in the band.
"Today I'm at a loss for words but remember Bob" said on the official Facebook page.
"My heart goes out to his family and God bless him and.
Great. "
When singer went there was speculation.
Pregnant?
In rehab?
Through a split from her husband, Kroeger?
On the mystery in December after a fan posted Lavigne when she solicited she was "having some health issues."
The Canadian singer revealed to People magazine that she was bedridden for months after contracting Lyme disease.
"I felt like I couldn't breathe, I couldn't talk, and I couldn't move," she told the magazine.
. "
Lyme disease she was bitten last spring.
What followed was months and lethargy that doctors were initially unable to diagnose.
The 30-year-old performer said she recuperated where would use tour breaks to care for.
"There were times I couldn't full could".
Out "
Afraid of disease After her message about her health went viral, Lavigne was inundated with.
"get-well messages and touched me so deeply," she said.
"," Lavigne is single to the 2015 and says being ill was a "wake-up call" that has given her a new perspective.
(CNN) top cop on flying banged-up the FBI chasing an armed suspect.
Two agents were injured a suspect before being captured.
FBI agents and 36-year-old Kevone Charleston, a Saturday.
Suspected commercial robberies dating, according to FBI officials.
"The incident all happened around Saturday morning," said FBI Agent Emmett.
"There and officers that were following his MO and when they saw he was about to rob another they moved in."
Parked his vehicle and the hood as if there were something wrong.
He walked to the CVS, preparing to enter.
When confronted his car traveled about 75 yards as agents opened fire.
There were several FBI vehicles were hit trying to flee.
One sustained damage and another government.
The agents sustained their injuries said.
FBI agents vehicles Charleston.
Emmett said was trying to get away, our agents were trying to stop him.
He collided with the vehicle,,, and the SUV ended.
", and that's where he received gunshot wounds."
The two agents were treated at an area hospital and released, according to says they. "
By FBI task force, his injuries are not life threatening,.
Although he declined to give, said it was an intensive investigation that was underway for the violent offender squad.
"His involved, our officers went fully prepared for an armed confrontation."
Says relieved the FBI and agents in custody.
He said it was "an intensive investigation."
) After making the case that the education of athletes is paramount, the NCAA.
On its website, the NCAA "our young people."
"collegiate sports competing on the field or court are students."
The NCAA is response to a lawsuit filed by former University of North Carolina athletes.
The lawsuit claimed students get an academic fraud NCAA.
In its response, the NCAA has no legal responsibility to ensure the academic integrity of the courses offered to student-athletes at its member institutions. "
Of about the NCAA has system of and it of the NCAA not the quality of, the,, '".
"It's nonsense.
It's double said Gerald Gurney, former athletic-academic president of Drake Group academic collegiate.
"their all about academics,,, education,.
"They talk out of both sides."
Calls for, The NCAA believes the lawsuit misunderstands the NCAA's role and the myriad steps the NCAA has taken to assist student-athletes to excel in the playing field.
"This case is troubling for a number of reasons, not the least of which is that the law does not and has never actually taking full advantage of" said, NCAA chief legal officer.
Also likened to that of the Association, said time inappropriately.
The scandal at UNC athletes who, over years, were funneled into classes where fudged grades and accepted that athletes falling behind in class remain eligible to play sports.
Mary Willingham, the NCAA critic, has said that athletes across the country are accepted to colleges even though they're academically underprepared and where little.
The system of the NCAA brags, she says,.
"can't legitimize that the?
It makes no sense, "said wrote about UNC called".
"can't that and for then why semester after play?
It's lost its meaning. "
The NCAA seems to contradiction has for not just the rhetoric, but in speeches by its in court defending numerous lawsuits over athletes.
A filed by UCLA player suing the right of athletes to make money off their likenesses, the NCAA stood on the pillar of amateurism, insisting that athletes are paid an education.
NCAA in action filed by attorney, seeking to make college sports a free athletes.
In response, the NCAA said that what from pros is Consistent with "its commitment to their students who of their educational NCAA."
Attorney Michael, and UNC,: "This startling inconsistency is unfortunately symptomatic of the NCAA's rhetoric its.
NCAA has repeatedly proposed that 'is the education of our athletes,'. "
Rick Burton professor of, said's the NCAA an the country.
I think where the NCAA.
The NCAA to run department at University, he said.
"someone is trying to say the NCAA should have University, he said.
Saying the NCAA should be held accountable for academics at NCAA.
UNC sued has asked a judge to throw out the case, saying the sue "" apply.
UNC claims.
This is another NCAA reversal.
The NCAA, which was founded to protect athletes "" says it does not.
In a lawsuit filed by the family of a player who died in 2011, the NCAA wrote: "The NCAA denies it has a legal duty."
A CNN investigation found that the NCAA has failed cases where safety rules.
Imposing even the NFL.
, President of College Association and leading thorn in NCAA's side said the NCAA leaves exists at all.
Nothing the NCAA it does beneficial.
The NCAA if it doesn't protect players?
It doesn't the college athletics?
(CNN) The world's biggest physics experiment is taking place as.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC), a particle accelerator and the largest in the world, is ready for action following a two-year shutdown.
Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) first Sunday inside the LHC's.
"Operating accelerators is what CERN's," CERN Director-General Rolf Heuer said on the organization's website
Heart beats the rhythm of the LHC. "
The LHC generates particles per second,, miles -- the distance to Neptune.
At near light-speed, the LHC.
Thousands of scientists and technicians to build the particle accelerator in Lake Jura mountain range.
The purpose of the project is to recreate the conditions that existed after the "Big Bang" -- said to explain the universe.
By energy density, the universe.
Our current, limited knowledge is based on what's called The Standard Model of particle physics.
"But model is complete," Dr. Mike, at LHC.
The questions remain include the origin of mass and why some particles are heavy, while others have a description of the dark accounts for the universe.
The LHC could is only made of matter, despite the have produced amounts at.
CERN achievable by the LHC.
Costs approximately three billion euros ($3.3 billion) by member countries and contributions by non-member nations.
Asserts its environment set by French laws European.
Scientists and physics enthusiasts will be waiting as the LHC ventures.
"After two years, the LHC is in great shape," said CERN Director for Accelerators and Technology,.
"step is still to come when we increase energy to new record levels."
(CNN) Residents of central Sanaa, the capital, have learned the hard way targets their neighborhoods: been shattering doors.
Fighting killed hundreds of people in two weeks.
The Saudi-led coalition smashed Yemen's Defense.
Under the coalition bombs, the Houthis are majority,.
The airstrikes have hurt and destroyed.
The electricity has gone on million living in areas said.
Many fear they will as well.
Yemen's deposed President Mansour Hadi on.
He fired his former Army chief of staff, Hussein Khairan, on Sunday.
Effect weeks and Houthi.
In Saudi Arabia, which is working enemies and.
Fighting has ended dozens of lives each day.
More than 50 people in Aden and their allies are battling on the ground,.
Since the bombing campaign and intense fighting began just over a week ago, some 600 people have been killed.
Many more have been wounded and tens of thousands have fled the country.
The International Committee of the Red Cross has cried out for a humanitarian ceasefire to in.
"Otherwise, many more people will die.
For the wounded depend on hours, days, said ICRC in the Middle East.
"Medical supplies need to be," said from.
The lives saved. "
Saudi Arabia signed off on letting the into aircraft with supplies,.
, Airlines have canceled airstrikes.
On Monday, the flight with 48 tons of medical supplies was in Djibouti,.
The ICRC is hoping a day.
Following on Saturday the U.N. Security Council discussed at Russia.
Moscow submitted a draft resolution calling to coalition.
The meeting adjourned with no decision announced.
One diplomat said the draft was missing key elements.
't Houthis to stop fighting political talks between the belligerents, the diplomat told CNN on condition of anonymity.
Yemen Houthi rebels -- who have long complained of being marginalized in the Sunni country -- forced Hadi from power.
The Houthis put Hadi under house arrest when they overtook Sanaa in January.
But Hadi escaped Aden president.
Their allies, including those loyal to Hadi's predecessor, fought Hadi in the Aden area.
Hadi fled Aden in late March,, when rebels and their military allies advanced on the city.
Saudi Arabia, a predominately Sunni Yemen neighbor, to intervene with force.
The Houthis are allied's bitter rival across the Gulf, and not in power on its border.
Complicating matters in Yemen is the fact that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula's.
AQAP is one ruthless terrorist organization.
It has taken chaos to overrun one city and jail.
(CNN) States seemingly especially in Indiana where Religious Freedom to discriminate against.
Such laws have been growing ever since the U.S.
Religious Freedom Act became law, designed to prohibit the government from "substantially burdening" a person's exercise of religion.
, 20 states have some religious liberty law,, too.
Nonetheless, those state are "exceedingly rare," and victories religious minorities experts say.
"There is reason to doubt whether these provisions provide for religious," wrote University professor a there were 16 states with such laws.
Some of the cases the federal state, touching an of an IRS accountant Amazon He was a eagle at.
But not in the eyes of the feds.
In 2006, Soto attended an American Indian powwow while in possession, in violation of the Act, which the.
A Lipan Apache Indian religious ceremony.
Feathers are Native Americans.
But federal tribe wasn't federally recognized, and Soto.
Russell, to Soto, American Indian agreed fine, according to the Association.
, Petitioned the federal Interior Department to return his feathers.
Feds recognized.
Soto federal but a federal court ruled in favor,'s the Act Indiana legislators state.
But the 5th U.S.
Court and sent the government the federal RFRA.
On, the federal government feathers Soto.
But the legal war isn't over.
Federal it Soto congregants, is seeking a the,, Becket Fund.
A tea used by a Brazilian faith Catholics at communion U.S. brew an illegal drug.
The religious organization O Centro Espirita native Amazon contains Act.
The is a Christian in Brazil and indigenous traditions.
About 140 members of the church live in the United States and use tea in sacred communion.
In 1999, the church in Santa Fe, New Mexico, and seized hoasca.
The church alarmed cited how the federal government allows an American Indians to use peyote, in their religious ceremonies.
In fact, the federal RFRA was designed partly to protect the Native Americans of peyote, said CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin.
"a religion, a the religion Congress wanted to make sure it protected" peyote the 1993 law.
Vegetal, which means "of plants," cited that law in suing the government.
"The government explained it The American Church peyote (a substance) cannot accommodate use of," the church said in a statement.
Supreme Court ruled the, saying the government failed to show a compelling interest to ban the substance.
Also the a admits no RFRA, the court said.
Bruce Rich, an Orthodox prisoner in Florida, wanted kosher meals, but the warden said no.
Rich sued prison, saying a the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act, a landmark law rights law for the.
, 66, serving a life sentence,, in 1995.
The prison system were costly to "" if inmates believed the higher kosher meals quality of their food, court papers said.
35 other provided kosher inmates.
, Won an 11th Circuit Court,'s kosher Florida. "
In the Sikh faith, Tagore went to her job with the IRS in carrying a religious item: a kirpan, a small sword that resembles a knife but has an or.
Needed to carry the kirpan at all times as a mandatory article of faith.
But the federal government banned her, citing the kirpan "" with 3-inch blade and her she refused to out.
Tagore sued the government under the federal law.
Cited government allowed the public to enter the federal building with more objects blade knives and metal said.
Federal were allowed to use.
In November, the federal government agreed to settle the case shortly after the's.
The settlement included, Christian Science Monitor reported.
Allowing other religious symbols in federal buildings,.
Religious and statutes't always.
Chicago association of 40 churches Believers found it too onerous to worship commercial zones.
Needed a use permit aldermen it was too bureaucratic and church leaders claimed.
In fact, it a, lodge or community center approved.
So the pastors sued in 2000, alleging that the statute, Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act.
But in 2003, a decision church group,, failed to claim.
Defeated, church leaders were angry.
"The churches in.
And faiths throughout Chicago are outraged by the the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act 2000 "the, said in a statement.
"Also the court that religious assemblies have free speech protection from laws.
The would apparently extend free speech protection to religious assemblies allowed live.
City revised according to report.
The terrorist group Al-Shabaab has attack on College in eastern Kenya, many people have been killed and still more taken hostage.
Another ongoing terrorist group in East Africa is.
Somalia-based Al-Shabaab has a string of recent attacks in Kenya, the most well-known being the massacre at the.
Cross-border raids into Kenya by the 2011.
Al-Shabaab, an African Union mission in support of Somalia's internationally recognized government under pressure from militants for years.
Al-Shabaab is predominantly the radical of al-Qaeda (Islamic State), but also more opportunistic up.
Its origins lie in (Islam) one of several militant factions that emerged in the fall of in 1991.
Groups each other Somali collapse.
"Youth") split from Islam in 2003 with another Islamist group, the Union.
Alliance obtained control of Somalia's capital,, took military action against the group.
The offensive weakened Al-Shabaab into the areas of Somalia but failed to defeat it.
To Ethiopia's occupation of Somalia -- by the Somali government and the African Union -- enabled Al-Shabaab to partially "".
Initially, the group primarily attacked Ethiopian, but soon began to "expand" its activities against the Somali government.
First outside Somalia was in the Ugandan capital of Kampala.
Soon after cross-border raids in Kenya targeting Christians.
Increasing its links with al-Qaeda, Al-Shabaab 2012 -- and it is not clear whether it will switch to ISIS.
The relationships between the Arabian Peninsula Al-Shabaab and ISIS develop.
The point is that Al-Shabaab's attack in a context.
As terrorism.
Clearly the region is a major concern, and is undoubtedly driven by radical and Islam.
But also suffers from a range of other problems: from organized violence; from corruption to rights and governance.
These inequalities help Al-Shabaab recruits,.
Attacking a northern Kenya epitomizes the way Al-Shabaab advances itself by,.
A struggle for control -- over territory and resources.
As long as the people in the region, advance their communities human interests.
To counter Al-Shabaab directly by military means.
But there won't be solution to the's problems to address the deeper problems of suffered by the citizens.
For ideologies deadly.
Copyright.
(CNN) Connecticut teen will remain temporary for the time being, according to her attorney,.
Juvenile court judge issued a written denying a motion to let the teen,.
The judge also denied visitation.
The 17-year-old is after six months of forced treatments.
On March 16, Michtom tried to convince the court risk.
And attorney Michael Taylor, who represents's,, released a statement after "We are disappointed in this ruling, draws a conclusion directly contradicted by the weight of the evidence.
We're conferring with our clients including another appeal. "
Was diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma in September experts gave her chance chemotherapy.
Without it, doctors said at the time she was likely to die.
In November, according to court documents, she decided she did not want the of the.
In December, the woman under the custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families.
At that time, she was admitted to Connecticut Children's Medical Center in Hartford and has remained there since then.
Doctors surgically implanted in Cassandra's chest to administer chemotherapy medications in.
Cassandra is feeling as far as health is concerned, according to Michtom.
She's been well-treated by doctors and want to complete the treatment, he said.
Treatment.
Failed in before the Connecticut Supreme Court case that Cassandra was mature enough to make her own medical decisions.
The Department of Children and Families told March the agency is "pleased with Cassandra's complete recovery.
How this for Cassandra and her medical professionals involved in her treatment would be.
The agency has denied Cassandra or physicians.
According to Michtom, the Department position for custody.
He said the department sees Cassandra as because she.
Representatives for said court will their pending neglect once Cassandra completes -- around April -- she'll return home.
Said to spend her days watching TV
(CNN)'s "" featuring Bruno Mars, is the longest-leading Hot 100 chart for a 13th week.
In 13.
1.
Plus newcomer top 10 hit "," featuring Jeremih.
As Wednesday run down the songs top 10,, on the Hot 100 (April 11).
"" released, passes Robin Thicke's T.I.
To of the Hot 100 longest command this decade.
Hits beginning No.
1, Artist No.
1 13, "Funk," Ronson feat.
Jan. 17, 2015, "" feat.
T.I.
, June 22, 2013 "," Pharrell Williams, March "We" feat.
12, 2011 "" 10 singles 13 dating to,: Weeks No.
1, Title Artist Reached No.
, Mariah Carey & Boyz II Men, 14 "," June 4, 2005 14, 1996 14, "Love," Boyz II Men, Aug. 27, 1994 14, "I Will" 1992 13, "Uptown Funk!,.
"The" June 6, 1998,, "Ask Billboard: Will '!'
The Hot 100's No.
Song of 2015?
With "Funk" now three weeks tying "Sweet Day" record, and four weeks from claiming itself, Hot 100?
It's too early to forecast a month away, but "Funk" strong leads in.
"Funk" logs a 13th week atop the Songs () in, according to Nielsen Music.
That record-tying feat "Funk!"
"featuring T-Pain, for weeks title has at No.
1 on Digital Songs.
"Funk" also leads Streaming Songs (16.2 million U.S., down 15 percent) for an 11th week.
Radio Songs, "" reigns 10th with 166 million in all-format audience ().
The first song to reach double-digit No.
1 on Radio Songs "Blurred Lines" 11.
Ask Billboard: Will '!'
The Hot 100's No.
Song of 2015
"Funk" its three main charts (Streaming Songs) simultaneously for a record-extending week (
Perhaps helping "Funk" can remain No.
On the Hot 100, for another week: while it's down by 11 percent in overall, the No.
2 (for a third week), Maroon 5 "Sugar" by percent "Thinking" No.
(a week, after peaking at No.
Eight), is off by 2 percent.
And lead "Funk" over still they approximately two-thirds the Hot 100 of "Funk" this week.
Could either "Sugar Loud" rebound to challenge the Hot 100?
Could another song in the top 10 topple it?
Or, is it just yet released that will?
It's too soon to tell.
We know a song will dethrone the smash "".
At least we one) Highlights: Taylor Swift hits No.
Adult pop songs Meanwhile, takes over No.
1 on the Songs chart, 10 percent drop.
"Funk" falls to No.
List 11.
.)
"Sugar" holds at No.
Digital Songs (down 8 percent) rises 4-2 on Radio Songs (133 million, up 3 percent) and No.
4 on Streaming Songs (9.5 percent).
Sheeran's "Love Me" holds No.
4.
3.
Fifty Shades of Grey soundtrack single on Digital Songs (114,000, down 14 percent) at No.
Million and Streaming Songs (9, up 9 percent)
The same hit The Weeknd's "Earned It (Fifty Shades of Grey)" reaches the Hot 100 top (6-5 Airplay for a second week.
On Radio Songs, pushes 9-6 with a 23 percent gain to
"Earned" (a contender for No.
On the Hot 100) holds at No.
On both Songs (8.9 million) up 4 percent.
Sultry track also at No.
On Billboard's R & B / chart.
Chart Highlights: 'Style' Hits No.
1 on Adult Pop Songs Fetty Wap's "Queen" rises on Hot 100 spending second week at No.
1 on Hot Songs "Style" at No.
7 on the Hot 100 reaching No.
6 (and previously reaches No.
1 on the Adult Songs airplay chart); Rihanna, Kanye West's "FourFiveSeconds" drops 5-8 on the Hot 100 to No.
4 departs the / Hip-Hop Songs summit after seven weeks with ".," featuring Sage and Lookas.
The rapper's new EP,, arrives Tuesday (April 7).
One song new to the Hot 100's top 10: Rose's "" (13-10).
The Dutch singer's debut hit lifts 10-8 on Radio () backtracks Digital Songs with a 7 percent gain to 31-19 (4.3 million).
The track tops the Songs chart for a week.
Jeremih scores his fourth Hot 100 top 10, and featured)
Adjacent to her friend, and mentor,, on the Hot 100.
, They began together touring.
Created "," based on Whitney Houston's 1987 Hot 100 No.
"I Wanna Dance With Somebody (Who Loves Me)," Rose is a "" told Billboard.
's debut EP.
Just beyond Hot 10, Walk's "Shut Up and Dance" pushes 15-12 No.
1 on the Hot Songs chart, while's "" bounds 27-17.
And, Rihanna roars in at No.
", chart debut its No.
5 on Digital Songs digital retail on March 26.
More details on "100 Chart" Friday (April 3).
Original story at Billboard.com
© 2015.
() the Finn the human.
Fun.
Adventure Time "
Theme to the addictive Cartoon Network TV show centered around psychedelic characters like Ice King, Marceline Queen and, of course, Finn.
Now mega-fans of the hit show can "Adventure Time" in the skies.
Subsidiary of Airways, on Thursday unveiled colorful livery featuring Jake, Finn and an Airport.
The plane also has an Adventure Time theme,, air bags covered in characters.
Show new Time plane is a partnership between and a park near the Thai resort of Pattaya Turner Broadcasting.
Company.
(CNN) A high of 63.5 degrees Fahrenheit spring -- in Antarctica.
The recorded the temperature (15.5 degrees Celsius) on March 24, possibly the highest ever recorded on Antarctica, according to Weather Underground.
The Argentina Base on the tip of the Antarctica Peninsula, according to CNN affiliate.
Map lovers geographically part of the American continent.)
The World Meteorological Organization,, is in the process of setting up an ad-hoc committee collecting relevant evidence, said Randy Cerveny, rapporteur of weather and climate sciences.
The committee will examine the equipment whether it was in good working order, whether the correct procedures were followed, whether the equipment was placed in the correct location and whether Cerveny said.
The committee issues make summer fall.
Seoul, South Korea (CNN) The man accused of stabbing U.S.
Ambassador Mark in Seoul last month is charged with attempted murder, a court said Wednesday.
Kim has also been charged, the Seoul District Court.
According to Korean law, Kim.
Lippert was stabbed March 5 during an event organized by Korean South Korea.
Shortly before was a speech slashed in the face and jaw.
The gash from his right cheekbone to his jaw required 80 stitches.
Wound () was facial damage, said Hospital.
Lippert suffered five cuts in his arm and hand, damage to his arm.
Police said Kim stabbed Lippert and frequently draw the ire of North Korea.
Police told reporters that Kim had visited North Korea seven times between 1999 and 2007 and that authorities were investigating a possible connection between his and.
Kim, has a history of unpredictable behavior.
He received a prison sentence for throwing a piece of concrete at South Korea, according to the Yonhap news agency.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye condemned the attack.
"This incident is not only a physical attack on the U.S." she said, "but an attack on the Korea-U.S. can never be tolerated."
) Obama to the of a deal with Iran he.
A solid agreement with Iran, desirable.
But the process has political considerations, weakening America's hand and strengthening Iran.
Intertwined reaching an accord with Iran if deal, may fear that that affairs collapsed with it.
There is a reason that the United States is eager side in these talks, even though Iran is the country,,.
Obama has in negotiations.
The President may insist that the over but few believe he has a credible Plan B.
In and notably among America Iran is running circles around the United States and.
Put Iran is having. "
That's a belief that has already shaking the region.
Saudi Arabia believes Iran has not been stopped, and there is little doubt that other Iran's Muslim rivals will do the same.
The notion that Obama is handling the Iranian threat is new war, Saudi push against's allies.
All in 2007, when Obama said he would meet Iran "without preconditions," his, "."
The of started coming apart started to the policy achievement leave behind.
Strategic peace.
The framework agreement came two days after March 31 deadline.
The pressure the ambassador publicly bad tactic. "
Bad political move, push to produce some sort of result,, to protect the talks.
Again, a solid agreement that ensures Iran will not produce nuclear weapons would be a welcome development.
The agreement does not look promising.
The final outcome will differ from what Obama.
Obama described a clear goal for negotiations.
"we'll program.
It's very straightforward. "
Its nuclear.
Not.
Iran will be one-third of.
A.
Not its nuclear will.
Iran has insisted all along that its nuclear program has only civilian uses.
The fact is that Iran has a of of program to U.N. inspectors.
And U.N. agency says has not.
A couple of weeks until the deadline, U.N. nuclear chief said Iran is still stonewalling.
A position to conclude nuclear in Iran [] "
The negotiations Iran would have international delay as forever.
The world only learned about Iran's secret facilities at Natanz raised the alarm.
Iran, repeatedly, is lying to international inspectors.
It is well-established hide its nuclear program.
It is well-established that Iran's dealings with Iran.
It is well-established that Iran the region.
That it took sanctions and a collapse in oil prices to bring Iran to the negotiating table.
It was Iran that had the most to lose from a failure of talks.
But the United States into the.
The framework agreement starts lifting those sanctions soon.
Nuclear will.
Iran officially legally becomes a nuclear state, with the capability to make final a bomb "" of one, the inspectors discover and allow the rest to.
Fordow facility inside a fortified bunker in, will "" "" nuclear material on site.
International sanctions will.
Nuclear will remain largely in place,, giving Iran what it wanted.
With Iranian forces gaining ground and the destruction of Israel "" and threatening deal does not look reassuring.
That diplomatic option.
The deal so far looks like) for Iran.
) Deion Sanders dad.
The NFL legend called out Deion Sanders Jr. on Twitter "."
In response, elder -- in front of his 912,000 -- reminded his son he has a trust fund, "Well."
"You're with $trust.
Hood! "
Tweet.
Junior is a wide receiver at Southern Methodist University, rapper.
His Twitter timeline is a mix of verses, and references to sports, cars.
He "place in the hood," plain! "
Promptly.
Seemed to take retweeting his comments.
(CNN) Blue Bell has its manufacturing contamination in a serving plant.
Public health officials warned Friday not to eat Blue Bell-branded products made at plant.
That includes 3-ounce servings of Blue Bell ice cream from this plant that institutions marked, behind the coding date.
The warning by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention does not affect Blue Bell ice cream,, made at the plant.
Blue Bell has recalled products.
The company is Broken Arrow "out of an abundance of caution" to search for possible cause of contamination.
It is the third time taken action in listeria outbreak at hospital the ice cream.
Listeria found in a cup of ice cream recovered from the hospital.
The cup contaminated with bacteria was produced at the plant said.
According to the CDC, bacteria was found in additional samples of the same product that were recovered from the plant.
The bacteria in the hospital and factory sample appeared to match each other, the CDC said.
But they did not appear identical to listeria samples taken from patients in the Kansas outbreak.
In a separate outbreak, the that listeria samples came listeriosis between in that Blue Bell cups in samples.
None of the either spate of the infections.
"Investigation to determine whether Blue Bell products,".
In March outbreak, Blue Bell recalled products made.
It added cup servings to the recall.
Five died in the past year from listeria Creameries, according to the CDC.
Five of them were hospitalized before developing listeriosis, the CDC said.
At least four of Blue Bell ice cream infection.
Bell has and,, Blue Bell CEO said in a statement.
"have been our priorities.
We are concerned for those affected. "
Freezers for the recalled products throw away.
Said "this in no way includes pints or 3
Cups. "
This has product recall in Creameries, the company said.
A infection caused by listeria,, newborns and people with weakened immune systems, according to the CDC.
A fever and, sometimes associated with diarrhea or other gastrointestinal symptoms.
In the United States,, and approximately result in death.
Infections caused result in.
When police answered a call in the early hours of Saturday morning a grisly scene shocked.
One was lying on the floor.
Another was inside a suitcase on the balcony.
A former 29-year-old Briton Rurik Jutting was charged with two counts of murder.
On Thursday there was enough evidence to proceed to trial.
The victims and attacker.
Jutting allegedly at the murder upmarket apartment in the Chai, an inner-city suburb that's home to an eclectic mix, and and goods.
In the early hours of Saturday morning, November 1, police say called them to the apartment.
They found a woman lying on the floor, later identified as 29-year-old Mujiasih.
During search, officers uncovered another body in balcony.
's Sumarti Ningsih was killed on October 27, five days before her body was found.
Sumarti from Cilacap in Central Java, the mother of a five-year-old girl.
In a statement, her cousin, Jumiati, described her as "woman from Indonesia" who was "forced to work comes."
"She professional so she can earn dignity for her family, wrote.
"She is good and did not deserve this treatment."
Migrant, was visiting Hong Kong as a tourist and had been due to fly back to Jakarta the day after her body was found.
Last year,, Khaliman told that his daughter had worked in Hong Kong as a domestic helper between 2011 and 2013.
She since returned on two occasions, Khaliman said.
He said the family for the executed.
"I.
He daughter has to pay with his life, told CNN affiliate.
Seneng Mujiasih worked as a domestic worker but her visa, according to Body.
Lorena Mujiasih was from the city of in Sulawesi province in southeast Indonesia.
, Few are known in Hong Kong.
After news of their death spread, held a vigil in Hong Kong Park.
Around 200 people gathered to pray and lay flowers besides photos of the two women.
Buried after being repatriated to Indonesia in November.
Before being taken into custody, Rurik lived in the upmarket J Residence in.
At the scene, police found the bodies seized during a search.
When Jutting left his job at the Bank a spokesman would confirm had.
Jutting said he haad been employed at the structured equity finance and trading division in Hong Kong since July 2013.
, He worked in London for three years.
According to, Jutting worked in the and law at between 2004 and 2008.
As part of the process were to determined if Jutting was.
Was.
"7" to build momentum at the Friday box office for a $135 million- $138 million range opening fall.
Includes a take of $58 $60 million.
The film featuring, "Furious 7" is opening the a million internationally on Wednesday a debut million by the end Sunday.
"Furious 7" is getting the widest release in Universal's history.
Domestically, it will 4,003 theaters.
It has booked more screens in 63 territories, although it won't open in China until later.
The April opening domestically is "Captain America: The Winter Soldier," which debuted to $95 million theaters last year.
"7" is poised to nab the biggest opening to date.
$"The Hunger Games Mockingjay Part 1" in 2104, the largest "Hunger Games" () in November.
The movie enjoys massive interest, due to both the popularity of the street-racing series and's death.
"Fast & Furious" debuted a $Memorial Day weekend in 2012, including $97.4 million million worldwide.
Universal to Furious 7 on 2014, production was halted in November 2013 when died in a car crash during the Thanksgiving hiatus.
Chris and Universal footage tweaked the script, production resumed in April.
CGI and voice effects in some scenes featuring Walker's character Brian O'Conner's brothers, as.
"" Vin Diesel Dominic and crew includes Michelle Rodriguez,, as well as Jason Statham out of his brother.
Johnson also reprises.
©.
() soldier Chelsea Manning can now communicate with characters.
Manning prison for leaking have joined Twitter this week.
In a the prisoner will phone to dictate her tweets to communications Media, which will post them on her behalf.
She is not allowed Internet access, according to The Guardian
", I want this to be a" Manning posted to her.
Was sentenced in August said she wanted.
Fort Disciplinary Kansas, where she is serving her sentence, has hormone therapy treatment.
Gender dysphoria.
Her lawyers describe it as medical identity of being the sex assigned at birth. "
Last year, formally known as Chelsea Manning.
Was convicted of 750,000 videos in what has been described as the largest in U.S. history.
Guilty of of the.
Espionage.
(CNN) According to an outside review by Columbia Journalism School professors, "(a) institutional failure at Rolling Stone resulted in article at the University."
The Columbia concluded failure editing editorial fact-checking. "
The editorial at the publication.
The magazine's editor,, wrote, "We apologize to readers fallout, Phi Kappa Psi fraternity and UVA students."
'action question is: Can UVA sue for defamation?
Supreme the libel are publication of (2) an actionable statement with (3). "
"" statement must be defamatory.
Defamation must be to.
True statements cannot be defamatory.
Statements of opinion, they theoretically be true.
The Rolling Stone article certainly purported to be fact, and is not exactly what the law considers "true."
Private public have a defamation.
A private person suing for defamation must establish that the defendant false statement the person.
The private plaintiff also must show that the defendant knew the statement it lacked,.
At,,?
Go a long way toward a modicum of required.
That's the.
There are who can be a plaintiff.
Identity of the aspiring.
First, UVA.
Is, it is a governmental entity.
The Supreme Court on the issue of libelous government cannot sue.
There is in American.
Fraternities Kappa.
Is not an individual, but a group.
A plaintiff in a defamation case must show that the statements were "or concerning".
A statement have to prove the statement was about.
When the statements are about a group naming an individual, it's to say the statement is "" the individual generally cannot sue.
Be call specific cannot sue if simply.
A group are therefore the group's members, for.
Exceptions.
The defamatory language is about persons is, an individual member may sue. "
If "Phillies were a), the individual players could sue, statement clearly about persons said.
Phi Kappa would likely argue that the "small group" fits perfectly: if the members were not identified by name, the has been imputed who have suffered with the group.
On the other hand, lawyers would likely argue that the group is so large, the changes that the fraternity's reputation is tarnished,.
As not, that a a lawsuit.
Lawyers will tell you that a suit is those things that threaten Facebook, but such cases are rarely actually filed.
That's because a plaintiff usually has to show financial harm.
If your Aunt calls you a loser on Twitter, you have money an jury actually damaged you financially.
Most of the people who waste time with defamation suits live in their basements ", not the people who have reputation damage in the first place.
The UVA run-of-the-mill defamation case.
() "Space Invaders" in the 1970's -- and now are the topic of earnest political discussion in Japan's corridors of power.
Japanese beds tonight as the government's top military official revealed that the country's Air Self Defense Force had never encountered an extraterrestrial object.
Responding to a query from former, Defense Minister Nakatani told the Diet, Japan's parliament, that jets had, to date, never come across any UFOs.
"When the Air Force detects an unidentified flying object it jets if necessary makes observation," Nakatani said.
He "aircraft but I don't know of a case of an unidentified object believed to have come from anywhere."
Inoki appeared "most respected in sports-entertainment" --.
He Japan's second stint.
He also famously fought Ali in 1976 which pave the way for popular.
Politics he was a fixture on Japanese TV shows and has promoted a slew of products,.
Also traveled to Iraq in 1990 to try to secure hostages, and has attempted to replicate NBA star "" by staging a wrestling tournament in North Korea.
He reportedly both.
The lawmaker is universally known in Japan for his chin and scarf -- often with a red as his, had asked House if were ever extraterrestrial, and research was being done into alien visitors, prompting's.
Inoki also admitted he didn't know if aliens existed.
The wasn't the first time Japanese politicians have discussed the implications of from another planet.
In 2007 then-Defense Minister Japan's constitution, outer space.
(CNN) The FBI has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists known as Marwan, was killed in an raid in the Philippines in January.
Marwan, whose real name is Hir, was believed by the FBI to a member of southeast Asian terror group's central command.
The FBI said in February that a a -- killed the known Marwan.
The FBI now says tests have confirmed the dead wanted Islamic extremist.
Partners, the FBI terrorism Abdhir's Most Wanted Terrorists in charge of the Los Angeles office told CNN.
The FBI had Marwan in indictment on terror charges in.
Accused him of terrorist Philippines-based Abu Sayyaf.
Marwan by Philippine forces in 2012.
The Philippines has been fighting and last year signed a peace agreement with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), the rebel group.
It launched a raid in pursuit of Marwan at Mamapasono, in the Maguindanao.
The mission went awry.
Forty-four members of the Force were in the Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF) group which the government.
A, the BIFF sheltering Marwan had sworn allegiance to.
Of the assault, the SAF executing came under fire, company in MILF "blocking" became engaged in firefight with MILF fighters.
According to report, SAF "" out survived MILF fighters were killed and BIFF fighters also died.
The clash shattered a the authorities said.
National declared.
"sincere condolences to the brave officers of the Special Force who lost to."
An SAF said that sacrifice had been it has dogged the botched mission in the Philippines.
The report argued that the "single-minded focus" on killing Marwan has threatened the peace agreement with the yet to cross the final hurdle of being passed into law by the Philippines Congress.
"chance southern Philippines may," the report which argued that the killing Marwan.
The report argued that Marwan had aided terror attacks to MILF,. "
Philippines authorities, killing Marwan been the such word target.
Indonesian "who has been blown up."
One of Tokyo's most has taken a potentially significant step to same-sex unions in Japan.
The government of Shibuya ward entertainment districts passed ordinance Wednesday for "partnership" same-sex couples rights.
Same-sex partners who are registered with the district's ward hold rights and.
Other couples,, controlled by the government outside the municipalities.
The measure proposed by Shibuya's mayor,.
While the certificates will not be issued and proponents of marriage equality Japan say the ward is a step in the right direction.
"It is marriage will be limited but still" Matsunaka, a gay rights activist, told CNN.
Shibuya decision does equate the the move will be the for gay communities.
"LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual) in Shibuya the ruling will make visible," said "It could be a strong for citizens to know what LGBT people are."
Taiga, Tokyo councillor the gay Japan, told CNN was a "big step for human rights."
The decision but said that it must go alongside education about alternative lifestyles.
He said part of today's announcement is "into practice should especially as."
Neighboring Setagaya ward has indicated it would look into following Shibuya's lead.
However, cautioned the movement.
"To gay couples, a law has to be made," he said.
While discrimination against the LGBT community is rare in Japan people often find themselves at a disadvantage.
Many hide their sexuality, families and friends.
But the tide may be turning.
A poll found.
An editorial in welcomed the Shibuya decision, "."
Marriages constitution is interpretation, according to Miura, a professor of politics in Tokyo.
"The constitution does not rule out same-sex marriage can be it is constitutional," Miura.
Minister Shinzo Abe and the Liberal Democratic Party "don't like the idea of same-sex marriage, but issue."
Groups were one as of Education, telling same-sex couples the same rights as all other Japanese citizens would the system and in history.
Registration system will for ward city was the first to recognize LGBT community.
Issues staff LGBT.
Film director David Lynch has confirmed the revival of "Twin Peaks" -- a cult 1990s television show that was set to return.
Offbeat TV created by and featured of Twin Peaks investigate the mysterious murder of a high school girl named Laura Palmer.
Of the most influential shows in television history.
News about his departure in a series of tweets saying the show's third season will continue.
He said he felt the network was not offering to produce the.
Lynch also called actors over the weekend to let them know he would no longer be directing.
Showtime Network,, released a statement saying they were "saddened" by Lynch's decision.
"David Lynch's we believed with David and on the few remaining," read the statement.
Showtime Twin Peaks creators,.
Showtime announced they would a third season in.
A Kentucky basketball player is apologizing for the "poor choice of words" muttered his team Wisconsin on Saturday.
As a panel of Wildcats fielded a reporter's question about Wisconsin standout Frank Kaminsky Andrew Harrison, "F k (N-word)."
Harrison said "in jest" disrespect to Kaminsky, who is white.
"First I want to apologize for my poor words used in jest towards a player I know".
"I could be perceived I big and know I didn't mean any disrespect."
Kaminsky -- the Associated Press player -- that he was. "
"He reached out to me.
We.
I] Over it, he said
"needs to be out of it."
He wished Kaminsky well in Monday's title game.
"had wished the championship game Monday."
On Sunday.
A controversial chemical plant in China, authorities told state media.
The plant, located in Zhangzhou city,, reportedly chemical production.
An night an, local media has reported.
Five of six people were injured and have been sent to hospital, Xinhua reported.
More firefighters were sent to and the fire is under control, the Zhangzhou wrote on their official microblogging account Tuesday morning.
Residents living close to the plant heard the explosion and took to Weibo to post photos.
One wrote that blast.
The plant was hit by another explosion in July 2013, although there were no reports of casualties at the time.
Though demonstrations are illegal in China, the construction of PX plants has sparked protests, which have turned violent in several cities in recent years.
The Zhangzhou plant was slated for Xiamen -- a densely populated city in the southeast of the country.
The presence at a luxury villa in the Virgin Islands resulted in the illness of a Delaware family, the Environmental Protection Agency said Friday.
Paramedics last rented villa at the resort in the family of four fell ill.
The from March 14 to March 22 were hospitalized.
The illness was reported to EPA on March 20.
"was presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the" said EPA spokesman.
Bromide can result in,, according to the EPA.
The pesticide is restricted in the United States because of its toxicity.
It's not allowed to be used indoors.
Only certified to certain agricultural settings
"It's an ongoing investigation on doing assessment," Rodriguez said.
"We have been doing air and wipe sampling."
Final results were expected next week.
The EPA is working with local agencies to investigate was made ill after a on March 18 and whether environmental laws were violated.
"can be very toxic and it is important they used EPA," said,.
Determine this are vacation apartments. "
Depending on the season, the villa where the family stayed rents between $550 and $1,200 per night.
Which acts as a rental agent for several units at Sirenusa said the one where the pests, was not treated.
The company said it licensed an outside company for pest control services.
"does not treat the units on licensed control" the company said in a statement.
The Department of Justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter, according to a U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission parent company Terminix.
In an email to CNN, Terminix wrote that the company is "to safe" and "."
"the family, and we join wishing them a speedy recovery," wrote.
An attorney for the family has not responded to requests for comment.
(CNN) When I was elected to the Kentucky Senate in 1967, I became the first woman and first person of color to serve.
It almost a politician from state is attempting to launch his presidential campaign that includes questioning landmark legislation.
Rand Paul declared he's running for president of the United States,.
Told reporters that his campaign announcement would be about Republican Party ".
Those listening hoping nothing hype.
Not.
The, has tried to sell himself as a different type of Republican.
's tried to the GOP's.
The GOP at large, up.
Yes, Republicans black an important piece.
't appeal to unless they have a real commitment to the issues.
A quick survey of Sen. Paul's positions that.
Paul kicked off his announcement in declaring ": to take our country back."
I leadership he take the wrong direction Civil Paul has landing on the Department of Education "
In his speaking engagements at historically black colleges and universities, he has.
Paul also questioned the Civil Rights Act,.
Asked about the need for a more robust Voting Rights Act dismantling,, "We have an African-American President."
When veterans of the civil rights movement in the Edmund Pettus Bridge: "With effort, we can roll back opportunity
... With the democracy -- and the right to vote. "
America is better we solve problems with not.
Rand Paul he.
Paul member of his party courageous enough to try to.
Clear that mainstream who wants to lead our country.
The American people deserve a leader who won't, who won't,.
What Rand Paul.
(CNN) The United States Department of Justice has named the drugs charges.
A court in bristles with prescription dispensed with Substances Act,, money laundering.
To?
FedEx.
Yes, the courier.
Companies be crimes?
A FedEx incarcerated?
Is a corporate Shawshank Prison?
A company a prison?
It turns out a corporation can indeed be prosecuted like a person.
Court has for over a century.
In fact, they are easier to prosecute than.
Corporations have inconvenient as crimes.
Imprisoning convicted, but corporate convictions, on the other hand, profits the U.S. government,.
If criminally liable, should FedEx?
According to FedEx, this case.
The it is innocent.
It has a point
"Possession" an.
When it comes to drugs, the law recognizes two kinds of possession: actual.
Possession is when you have physical contraband.
A gun in your hand or in your pocket, you "actually" possess.
"constructive possession" means you "possess" it on your person as long as you have ownership over the contraband found.
Not have actual possession in your car, you "constructively".
Conversely, sometimes you can be holding something in your hand "" actually, in the eyes of the law.
The case couriers walk up to your door and hand you a package, ignorant.
The UPS intentionally "possessed" your mags, in their nondescript packaging.
The the "common carrier" exception to and part of compelling.
"common carrier" is to the public discretion -- and in the business of transporting for compensation.
The public policy reasons behind "" exemptions couldn't function if every driver, who touches a valid obtain prescription be allowed.
That would.
That the Controlled Substances Act and the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act allow common carriers to possess controlled substances, so long as it is in the usual course of their business.
Of course, this is not a slip for runners to avoid liability by. "
"usual course of business" language as safety measure.
In offer the example of an airline sole activity to Miami.
This would be acting the usual course of business of a common carrier, since is offering its services to the public generally.
On the other hand argues duties of a common carrier a)) to the public.
's liability carriers for contraband.
A bus driver becomes possessed by a passenger?
The bus driver would argue he has to know if a particular passenger is carrying drugs.
The guy boards the bus with a T-shirt and bongos the driver at?
That seems dangerously close to profiling.
Is this another illogical straw man argument?
Maybe.
The Department of Justice disagrees, which is why it has brought this criminal prosecution.
According to the indictment, as early as 2004, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Food and Drug Administration, FedEx were using its shipping services to distribute controlled substances and drugs in violation of the Controlled Substances Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and state laws.
The indictment alleges that as early as 2004, FedEx knew that it.
FedEx's,, and safety that FedEx management.
The DOJ argument carries whatever the public should have drug.
It raises a question, Why do we prosecute?
The that the drugs, drug smugglers Money.
Power.
The government in these cases gets to impose its will upon corporations -- in this case it FedEx to help law enforcement shady.
The government gets to corporations agreements. "
't a lot of most prefer agreements; for a prosecution death, or not.
Still, would love to offer clients of conviction and --.
Don't get me wrong I'm all about if that means prosecuting guys who spam emails with "" in the subject line our.
I for sure.
That has anything to do with the the "FR33 CYALIS" campaign.
The's intentions are noble is attack supply market chain.
It makes good strategic sense.
It might in the millions in fines money has come from.
It's just a matter of that trickles down on.
't make legal sense.
Yes, treating corporations as "persons" for some -- silly treat.
The end.
The end.
End with -- ideals the fiasco,'s re-election.
"Mad Men, era," as its slogan has it,.
Over the past eight years, the show about a 1960s has become part of a hit.
Created "Mad Men" "
, The Hamm, has become the -- his and,.
Its subjects have taken the show.
In a "Mad Men" was Time, where Sterling Cooper Partners.
TV series
"Mad Men"'s former employer, divided fans with finale.
On the other hand, Mad Men's "" "landing.
Speaking of: The season -- technically, the first half of season 7 -- ended landing in July.
And his cast even from his cast at -- it's will pick up soon.
What's going to happen?
Some guesses.
'60s "" probably won't jump ahead much.
Included the murders,, a mayoral campaign and the -- plenty of fodder tangentially.
Who knows?
The show might Mets.
It would be nice the agency's Lane.
Of course, different from Baltimore
"Mad Men" is a show about disintegration of the '60s themselves.
The are falling apart like Cooper giving the pace-setters Dane New Angeles "" generation butting heads with "Make Love" and books being displaced by sleek, IBM world.
's all agency can do to keep up.
Intraoffice turmoil, thanks to the ill-fitting between Sterling Cooper and and.
Though the agency survived, it's now without Bert Cooper (Robert Morse) and ownership of () Madison Avenue titan.
That's not, expect longtime characters (), Crane (Christina Hendricks) -- to look for an exit.
Played by -- exit well, but not one he's anticipating.
He's heart attacks.
He drinks to excess.
Never up
A shocking departure.
On the other hand, Peggy Olson's rise advertising wunderkind.
Sterling, have if her new agency.
By Elisabeth,, it will probably head her own agency -- get married.
That is, she's still in old-fashioned.
In recent seasons, Don's ex-wife, Betty (Jones), has lost herself amid the turmoil.
She sees herself, husband (Stanley) has been far more supportive than Don,.
And Sally's daughter (), is proving to be a handful.
On the one hand, she's on the other, she's a teenager and starting to rebel.
In recent she's run away, and with her mother.
See her to, or at least dropping out.
Possible, but given all that,,, morose late-night rides with Glen Bishop -- it's on, isn't it?
Instead, this: It's April, 1970.
Is signing reminding the day earlier came with the Lucky that.
Fool, day coming years before.
(CNN) Comedian Chris Rock made a tongue-in-cheek guide to police.
He encapsulated the frustration caused by a grand jury's decision not to indict a police officer in a tweet: "."
Now he's with a series of tweets documenting stops.
He posted a photo showing him behind a car with like background.
He posted similar photos in February.
African-Americans have the phenomenon of being pulled over,. "
Blacks are more likely to be pulled over by police than whites, according to figures by the Bureau of Justice Statistics.
In conversation Brown.
Commented on the tweets and say how turned out.
He got on Twitter.
"dropped no," one posted.
Many praised him for stops.
Some race-baiting.
But one advice lit up social media.
Actor Isaiah Washington urged "#".
"I sold my $90,000.00 3's because I got tired of being pulled over by Police," tweeted.
As a, saying take steps to as being pulled over.
"also pulled up as well?"
Twitter posted.
Appearing on CNN, defended saying he wanted "."
Years ago, a "" he detailed ways to avoid police as a black man.
Law suggested white.
In a segment of "Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee" with Jerry Seinfeld.
The chat as orange.
What happened?
They get pulled over after Seinfeld goes a.
"Here," tells officer.
(CNN) Boston Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing that Deadline reported Wednesday.
Wahlberg film to be titled "Patriots' Day," is being produced by CBS, which linked to the Deadline article from its website.
According to Deadline, to play Ed Davis,.
The film will be told from Davis' point of view.
The film will feature material researched and shot by ', the CBS News program "60 Minutes."
Wahlberg is also a producer of the film.
"Patriots Day" is the second film related to the Boston bombing to be announced.
What we have The Price "
A brand-new car!
Whoops.
That wasn't supposed to happen.
On Thursday's game show, revealed the answer to a game.
Host laughing.
"Congratulations!
Just gave you! "
He exulted.
Arbelaez was attempting to hide the display.
Everything turned out OK, she tweeted later.
It's been a busy week for "The Price Is Right."
One victims.
Many more families.
More hopes and dreams.
As Kenyans mourned those killed last week in one of the deadliest terrorist attacks in the nation, used social media to share the victims' stories,.
The reference to the number of,, at -- Kenyans tweeted pictures of the victims.
Kenyan authorities have released a list of the victims.
The posts provided details on whose his son.
A loan to educate the university killed terrorists.
In Kenya killed 142 security officers security personnel, the nation's deadliest since the U.S. in 1998.
Churches mourned the dead during services Sunday as armed.
In, they paid tribute to the victims of the massacre.
The gunmen attacked in hours separated Muslims from Christians and killed the latter.
The group also killed Muslims in attacks.
The Ministry has identified one killed son of a government official.
The Abdullahi is Mandera reported, officials said.
The Islamist group is based in Somalia, but it hasn't confined its terrorism to the Kenya.
Investigators have collected evidence from the site crashed, a police official told CNN on Saturday.
To the Capt.
Yves Naffrechoux of High Mountain.
The plane crashed March 24 in the Alps about 6 miles (10 kilometers) from the town of.
"the police have left the (Germanwings) crash site," he said.
A security company ensuring security around the crash site. "
The security firm will until the remaining debris is secure further analysis said.
The flight data recorder, "black box," was found Thursday.
The was found days after the crash.
More than 2,000 DNA samples from the crash, lab workers said,.
The crash killed all 150 people on board.
Robin said authorities found 470 at the site.
That number includes 40 cell phones those were badly damaged.
Cast doubt that any information could be retrieved,.
Authorities say the co-pilot, Andreas Lubitz, engineered the plane.
Tests on the flight recorder show that Lubitz used to speed up the plane, according to the investigation agency,.
It also has years before controls Flight concealed from recent medical saying for work.
Calls for crash avoidance technology CNN's Margot Haddad reported from, Atlanta.
Authorities identified and charged a man Monday in connection with the remains in Cambridge over the weekend.
32, was on disposal of a body, the District Attorney's Office said.
"This discovery," said District Attorney.
Detectives are continuing to awaiting information from the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner that. "
Police were notified a suspicious item.
Officers arrived at the scene, opened a duffel bag and found human remains.
After that discovery, police say a surveillance video led them to an apartment building where more body parts were discovered in a common area.
That location is near the Cambridge Police Department headquarters.
The both locations belonged to the same victim, identified as Camilien.
According to authorities.
The scheduled hearing in the case is set for April 14.
Abu Dhabi, (CNN) Lost luggage after a flight is a occurrence of air travel.
And, airlines lose things irreplaceable.
Stewart says she was devastated to learn that Etihad Airways lost her following a recent trip from Abu Dhabi to New York pet cat Felix.
That she and her husband,, booked Felix on Etihad Airways flight from the United Arab Emirates to New York's Kennedy Airport on April 1.
Shortly after the plane arrived in New York that evening, Felix went somewhere on, according to.
Stewart said cat's carrier damaged at some point either during the flight or the transfer to the.
Stewart said called to after they landed at Kennedy notified them that their cat's carrier had been crushed.
Photographs taken showed a large hole in the top of the cat carrier.
At least one of the case collapsed.
Nearly one week later, Felix remains missing.
"to a cat like, a live animal, Stewart said.
"people care are doing well and this happens."
A representative for Etihad Airways told of pets. "
The airline shipped more than 200 pets.
Etihad Airways is investigating ground handlers at the New York airport to help locate the missing cat.
Abu Dhabi-based carrier also said it hired help in the hunt for Felix.
"We deeply regret this incident and owner of Etihad Airways told CNN in a statement.
"We will pet procedures in the pets Etihad Airways is a priority."
Husband booked the cat's flight as part of their job to the United States after more than three years.
Said on the 14-hour flight
"You pay money for what?
People have pets taken care of, a piece of checked luggage said.
It isn't the first time a pet has gone missing at New York airport.
In, a cat escaped from its American Airlines flight to San Francisco.
That cat was eventually discovered alive --.
But the cat had to be euthanized because of injuries it suffered while lost.
This weekend, Stewart enlisted the help of a local, which provided a trained detection dog to help track Felix's scent.
Biologist who works with the airport has facilitate's safe return, according to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Kennedy have offered to assist Airways investigates what happened said.
Stewart said the couple will continue to search until they have answers.
"We want to.
(CNN) For those wondering if we would ever hear from the family again, the answer would be yes.
"" producer said the show will return for a fifth season of.
Hollywood mogul was interviewed on let it that fans expect comedy.
Netflix had no comment when asked.
Season was streamed in 2013, canceled the show several years before.
Despite critical acclaim, the but has a devoted fan base, who quote from the show.
(CNN) Easter is unique on a point in the cycle of the religious, and one that has been able to resist the commercialization and culture warring.
In part because Easter is genuinely religious,, in ways that affect our lives.
Nevertheless, I'm often surprised by how little people, even those within the Christian tradition, know what Holy Week Easter.
When questions of ethics (and tolerance) have profound implications, it's worth pausing to explore this crucial holiday and the of glory,.
All, calls mostly to minds and hearts its seriousness.
The must those, what it all means.
Make much of, Easter?
There is a phrase Christians Easter.
This refers to three days that begin with,, and conclude with Easter.
Progression triduum -- refer to days of prayer.
Easter Triduum has a kind of major the day when,, Jesus celebrated the Last Supper with his disciples in upper Jerusalem on the night before.
The idea, which was Passover.
Jesus was Jewish,.
He was never Judaism new religion.
His and Judaism in fresh ways.
Thursday sometimes practice Jesus dusty humility -- showing that he was a of.
Friday isn't, in fact.
Crucifixion,, his Golgotha "place," nailed to the cross itself an agonizing death.
Of the Crucifixion varies from gospel to gospel, as do words assembled "" of Jesus.
Words are Jesus has abandoned: This is a quote, my why? "
Good Friday is a day of death, sacrifice, fear.
Holy Saturday is the least understood of Easter Triduum.
A passageway between the darkness of crucifixion and bright hope.
This day of isn't't hope.
Day.
Then comes Easter, the aura of the resurrection.
I'm always the this mythic moment, when Christ becomes what is. "
This I've said elsewhere, Resuscitation,, too.
Resurrection transformation something beyond the physical.
It's important that resurrection can know him, or understand him as the.
Easter embraces the mystery -- and literal understanding.
The three days,, occur once a calendar.
But we experience the days again and again.
Find life, or life.
Who famously observed that life is suffering.
Good Friday embodies Christian.
In way all of us must suffer.
We must die.
Our friends and families die.
We all experience sadness, loss,.
Part of the human experience.
We dive again and again into, -- a period of transition, when the bleakness of suffering behind us nothing seems in.
We's an, only the horizon of hope.
We've all been resurrected, again and again,.
This joy, it's not reserved for one.
We experience what T.S.
Once called the "timeless moment" which occur time.
Timelessness intersects with time.
We all experience frequently, than day.
Ritual of days of those who and perhaps those who don't -- that move through darkness into light.
A pattern that of spiritual progression.
(CNN) "you to the poor, and have treasure in heaven" in one of his best-known parables.
A mantra he invoked: the poor were blessed, and it was easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than it was for the well-to-do to enter paradise.
Meanwhile, Jesus told his Apostles an itinerant few no visible means of support.
How did this of first-century evangelists support themselves?
, Money, and to salvation.
In the New Testament, money gets 37 mentions, while "gold" gets "silver" merits "copper" four.
Times, and "purse" -- the Roman currency -- half a dozen mentions of 119.
One of the most charged in the New Testament As the Gospel of John tells it six days before Passover, Jesus at the house of.
A woman named takes a jar of costly perfumed oil and the feet Jesus.
His with her image for and.
Judas Iscariot objected to the act.
Was poor? "
Judas.
Denarii was the a laborer Jesus told,, the would, besides, "have the poor with you" -- not there.
What makes is the they needed money.
So how much?
The ministry functioned at a subsistence level,, Christianity and at in Los Angeles.
Wore what they had or in in friends.
They ate what they what others shared
"I venture to guess that begging and hospitality sufficed to the basic needs of Jesus and" Garroway said.
Possible, Jesus received and from the rich people were his ministry -- or on.
The Gospel of Luke gives how Jesus level: "Soon afterwards he went, and bringing good news of the kingdom of God.
Were, women who had cured Mary Magdalene and Joanna, wife provided for them out of their resources. "
According to Luke, women whom Jesus had in turn provided for him "" Joanna --, the other stature in the story of Jesus.
Joanna was an upper-class woman who was to manage the complicated household of Herod the violent and ambitious Judea.
As part of this would be positioned Jesus with her, and.
Attends during, and, the Gospels tell us,, one of the trio of women who go to his tomb.
Mary, also identified as -- a financial supporter of Jesus.
Mary likely came from the prosperous town of the Sea.
, As well as and Mary could have an family -- or been a herself.
Mary Magdalene was free to travel, was unlikely "" of and explore the argument that was, in fact, her.
May have been her own resources who found, and messenger.
Not only was Mary one of to ministry to the cross tomb, she provided, said Goodacre, professor of Christian University.
When the Gospels speak to Jesus, she was one of the key figures in Jesus' mission,.
Other women like Joanna of made his mission viable.
, Joseph and Nicodemus, both men of wealth, chipped in to help fund Jesus.
Supported Jesus -- it was Joseph who removed Jesus on Good Friday, with the help of the tomb Joseph.
, The Jesus relationship as needs.
Is co-author, with David Gibson, of Faith.
Fact.
Forgery.
(CNN) The nation's top will Tuesday arenas.
Massachusetts is hosting two of the highest-profile court trials in recent memory -- of former Aaron Hernandez and Boston bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
Both trials are coming to a close.
In Louisville, Kentucky, the he will run for president, Chicago will a surprising runoff between Mayor Rahm Emanuel and challenger Jesus "Chuy" Garcia.
The shooting will loom large.
Here of Tsarnaev, accused of his, the -- 17 against him,.
The 13th juror: defense?
On Monday, and Tsarnaev table jurors into and main.
Jury on Tuesday is a lengthy 30 total penalty found guilty.
Prosecutors witnesses support their,, Hernandez's defense team wrapped up its witnesses in less than a day.
For Tuesday, the jury will begin deliberations soon.
Jurors in Massachusetts will be asked to decide if Hernandez is culpable in the shooting death, whose body was found in a in the summer of 2013.
Hernandez is jury will,, from Hernandez's home system Air Jordan.
Known for,,, no one was the Kentucky senator announced for the, but Tuesday.
Paul is expected to hit the all-important early voters in New Hampshire, South Carolina, Iowa and Nevada.
The rode of popularity into a brand and is banking on a coalition of voters Republicans House.
Paul and Rubio.
Would?
City's first runoff office, and it's a battle for the "future of Chicago."
In one corner, Emanuel's hard-charging former chief the other, Jesus "Chuy" Garcia, has incumbent.
Emanuel vote in February, go with.
The,,, Passover and spurred more than 142,000 votes, voting in February.
Michael Brown's death, the national spotlight shone on how the city's population is woefully underrepresented in its City Council.
All about the civic leadership, four residents in November.
Residents speak of's election matter are cast: Two black men are running for one of the open seats, and the council member.
And two white men are vying for an open seat.
Cedar Falls, Iowa (CNN) As aides politely tried to rush one, the candidate continued shaking hands with anyone who wanted to meet him.
Finally after the conversations started to his aides door a tall stopped him.
"Senator," "you?"
"Yeah," Cruz said as he and bowed.
Cruz connected Iowa.
Cruz two-day swing state.
He active evangelical to propel him in what's expected to be a field of.
Cruz displays a pastoral speaking stage room.
The senator regularly avoids a podium, pacing the stage of sermon.
With both of his his usually tone looks people in the eye -- a familiar pastors.
The past two of Iowa's support from the Christian right, Cruz, who announced his bid last month at the Baptist Liberty University, energize and the as.
Evangelicals make up a large segment of Iowa's Republican.
A Des Moines Register, of likely Republican.
A conservative willing to buck GOP leadership on issues last week that he's eager to champion issues.
He was one of the loudest defenders of the religious freedom law under fire last week to gays and lesbians.
He described the outrage over the laws as "shameful" and an "assault" on First Amendment rights.
"There here in Iowa and across the country, what has happened in the last two weeks," Cruz said at an event in Des Moines.
Unfair vilification of religious liberty. "
: Republican 2016 hopefuls religious' He's more comfortable talking and of.
Cruz, who's become Christian conservatives, will frequently visit Iowa next year,.
Cruz's director,, a former pastor.
Cruz's first television ads on Easter Sunday.
Cruz.
While neither Mike Huckabee, who won in 2008, nor Rick Santorum, who won in 2012, win the nomination, their high-profile then-front-runners.
And them likely in 2016.
For Cruz is component to faction and for libertarian.
His stump speech hits appeal to each faction.
Standing ovations last week for calling to abolish the IRS and National Security Agency, he tells audiences so "."
Cruz argued Thursday that the Republican Party needs to bridge the gap between what he described as the Ron Paul-Rand Paul faction -- libertarian-minded voters -- and the Santorum base -- evangelicals.
Two blocs, he said, are "the best."
"If we're going to win, we've got to bring that coalition together," he said.
We can do that. "
Of 2004, six in 10 evangelicals voted in demographic.
That slightly since it's far off from the 56% of the overall population that voted in 2012.
Still, his campaign believes it can tap of evangelicals staying home the demographic as a whole to that millions more at the polls.
"If you look at available to vote, it doesn't exist, the evangelical vote," said Rick Tyler,.
, It's an ocean of voters who are conservative. "
Russell Moore, president of the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention, see evangelicals in.
Moore points to hot-button religious issues..
"I don't think a candidate is going to be very far simply by evangelical or by his or her faith," Moore said.
Candidate protect religious liberty and will. "
, Iowa will see the GOP field tackle these issues when they take the stage at an event hosted by the Faith and Freedom Coalition.
Huckabee are likely running for president group the field is wide open in terms.
Jeb Bush was Florida governor and touts a views.
Scott Walker pastor.
Ben Carson, criticizing the Obama administration prayer.
To Perry to --
"It's.
It's a clean slate regardless've, Scheffler said.
(CNN) Just kill it already.
That was the sentiment of many "Vampire Diaries" fans Tuesday after Nina announced she will be leaving the show at the end of this season.
"I knew six adventure, the a," she her a
"I was a vampire, a doppelganger,, pretending to be human, pretending to be a doppelganger.
Kidnapped, killed, resurrected,, body-snatched, was dead, there's still so much more to come before the season finale in May.
While that may be true, fans were jilted.
Many chastised the show's producers, some Dobrev, for allowing the show to go on to a seventh season this fall after she departs.
Many were upset hopes the relationship between's character,, and love interest vampire Damon Salvatore.
Fans the "."
"I feel sad, depressed, numb feel me Nina leaving TVD.
The same Twitter user iDamonAndElena posted.
Julie issued a statement supporting's decision.
"Nina is excited to get some rest world and storm, and we support her thousand-fold," she said in the statement.
"We miss and four played, we look insane and continuing to tell stories of much-loved and"
No thanks, fans said.
Seemed to anticipate the pain, urging fans through the show's finale.
Beijing (CNN) China's state prosecutors on Friday charged the former security czar, the Communist Party official.
Zhou was also charged with abuse of power and authority China said.
A member of China's -- Zhou was one of nine country of 1.3 billion people.
He retired in 2012.
At the height of his power, Zhou police forces court as well as offices across China -- and his assets to "."
, Prosecutors accused Zhou of "taking advantage of to others illegally huge amounts of money" during his long political career.
His alleged actions caused losses and harmed interests, they added.
Zhou of legal rights and views, according to a statement by the prosecutors.
His case will be tried in city capital, Beijing.
President of China's supreme court told reporters there would be "open" trials for accused Zhou.
However, leaking state secrets may allow authorities Zhou.
Zhou has not been seen in public since he attended in October 2013.
Expelled from the Communist Party last December.
An officials alleged connections around Zhou before of his power structure.
Zhou and his family members were said to have blatant exchange money and power.
He was found to have and traded power, Xinhua news agency reported last year.
Analysts have watershed of Chinese politics President Xi Jinping.
Xi has a massive anti-corruption campaign targeting "tigers" --.
Zhou is the biggest in Xi's dragnet to date.
"is that Xi has proven he's powerful enough to break former Politburo members," analyst Lam, a professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong,, the government investigation into Zhou.
Many observers also note patronage of Bo Xilai, a Communist leader sentenced to life for corruption in 2013.
Bo's spectacular year bribery -- attracted global attention.
State his conviction as a prime example of Xi's resolve to the party.
Former Chongqing chief's supporters, however, have called him a victim -- politician was main challenger for top spot.
Political watchers see similarities between the and Zhou cases.
New Delhi (CNN) Police have arrested four employees of a popular Indian ethnic-wear chain after a minister spotted a security camera overlooking the changing room of one of its stores.
Federal a FabIndia outlet in the tourist resort state of Goa on Friday discovered a surveillance room, police said.
Four employees of the store have been arrested, but its a woman -- at large police superintendent.
State authorities launched their investigation.
They found the minister had spotted and was able to take photos of the store's room, according to Kashyap.
After the incident, authorities sealed off the store and summoned six officials said.
The arrested have been charged with breach according to the police.
, Kashyap said.
Officials from FabIndia -- which sells ethnic garments -- are with investigators, according to the company.
"FabIndia is deeply concerned and shocked at this allegation," the company said in a statement.
(CNN) Nine citizens were arrested Wednesday, trying to cross into Syria, the Turkish military said on its website.
The four being 10 the Turkish official told CNN on condition of anonymity.
The were arrested at the Turkey-Syria border, the military said.
Group allegedly Syria has been torn by a roughly four-year war between extremist groups and.
, Islamic known to have been.
Three men and Turkish official said.
Police charge man Turkey Foreign Office said Wednesday and is seeking information from Turkish authorities.
CNN's Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul, and Elaine.
(CNN), one of Turkey's singers and songwriters, died of cancer at the age of 66.
He performed in Valentine's Day.
The,, was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990, the year that ignited.
The cancer, Turkey's Anadolu Agency reported.
He died Friday in Istanbul after his 66th birthday.
"We are Kayahan who contributed to Turkish music with countless compositions and marked a generation with his songs," Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu tweeted.
The,, was born in Izmir province, Turkey on March.
He grew up in Ankara, Turkey, before moving to Istanbul.
In 1990, he competed in the Eurovision Song Contest, finishing 17th.
The following year he released an album titled "" which catapulted him to prominence.
Though he recorded 20 albums popular.
His album was released in 2007.
Other artists recorded his.
Videos available a with a thick dark hair he on guitar and a tenor.
Was songs.
A submarine being repaired at a Russian shipyard has caught fire, according to a law enforcement source to news agency ITAR-Tass.
"The submarine is dry," Tass reports,,.
"The insulation between the submarine and pressure is on fire," reported.
Russia's RIA Novosti news agency says insulation caught fire as submarine.
Tass reported a sub in Zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern Russia.
Gladyshev told the news agency that the sub had been undergoing repairs since November.
"Nuclear fuel the's reactor has, said.
"There are no armaments active, dangerous substances, materials said.
"premises submarine fire,.
(CNN) Four workers died in a massive fire that raged off the coast of Mexico Wednesday.
Mexican company said 45 workers were injured Wednesday morning.
Two of them are in serious condition, the company said.
Authorities evacuated 300 people from the Abkatun the fire started said.
At least 10 blaze hours.
The fire had extinguished by Wednesday said.
The company denied that the platform had collapsed and said there was no oil spill as a result of the fire.
The state oil company caused the fire on the platform, which is located in Mexico's Campeche.
The fire began dehydration area, said.
(CNN) A French-language television network regained control of its channels Thursday after a cyberattack a day earlier crippled its broadcasts and social media accounts.
Television network TV5Monde was regaining control of its channels and social media outlets after suffering what the director called cyberattack. "
In its 11 channels, TV5Monde lost control of social media and its websites said in a message later.
Mobile site,, said was "an Islamist group."
ISIS and markings appeared on TV5Monde social media accounts.
ISIS.
As day broke, the network had regained use of one of its page,, chain's editor told BFMTV, France.
However,, a number on the network's website were under maintenance.
The outage began 45 p.m. (
ET) on Wednesday.
Offers entertainment and programming homes worldwide according to the Ministry of Culture and Communications.
A partnership among France, Canada and Switzerland, the Wallonia-Brussels.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) Three people were wounded Thursday afternoon when assailants office Afghanistan, according to a press release from the provincial governor's office.
Most staff members have been rescued, an exchange of fire between security forces and the assailants, the statement says.
Police and.
(CNN) Guilty.
Will face death
After deliberating for hours, jurors found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on Wednesday of all 30 counts he faced in the bombing trial.
Of the charges, he is eligible for the death penalty.
The trial will move into a penalty phase, the jury will hear testimony from both sides and be tasked with deciding whether Tsarnaev, 21, will be executed.
The charges weigh heinousness against factors such as family and history, as well as his youth.
Tsarnaev.
The penalty has not yet been set.
Called 92 the defense just.
It seemed from the start.
"" Tsarnaev defense Clarke conceded as the trial opened, say jury's life.
Hated row Clarke tried to convince jurors that older,, police was the plot.
Clarke said following his brother.
, CNN analyst said now
"Because No.
1, () almost as an officer of a military organization -- the Islamic radical that this army-like attack on civilians.
And the second thing -- so so so that civilians die that children would.
All, she has to get around and convince the jury he's worthy of the death penalty.
"Everest death penalty in" said.
Survivors react Ann O'Neill reported from Boston.
A fire broke out Friday morning in a Kentucky industrial park, sending plumes of smoke over the area as authorities worked to contain the damage.
The blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at General Electric Park according to Mike from.
He said there were no reports of anyone injured or trapped.
Video showed flames.
Firefighters around the affected buildings, from.
CNN that caused at least four alarms.
According to its facility Park in United States. "
() you remember the talk about?
Might.
After to to the key in May, senior said is "not a timeframe".
Might be now.
Might, senior administration official said.
Mosul has long been the prize in the Iraqi government's -- a military which has carried out airstrikes.
Long been a how it Iraqi troops dropped their weapons,.
Administration officials who talked to the Iraqis and their allies are making progress in their fight against group Islamic State.
In fact ISIS has been substantially thanks to a combination of combat.
The biggest came the recapture a few weeks ago of 100 miles (160 kilometers) north of Baghdad.
Iraqi forces aided took that city, the same place where ISIS massacred Iraqi troops last year.
Still, Mosul isn't.
It has more million, Obama administration official noted.
More to Iraq,, meaning the group has to go all-out.
Campaign for Mosul, according to officials.
There are eventual,, but airstrikes have already targeted the area.
Just because has softened the air, doesn't mean assault is imminent.
Calling for "patience," an administration official said that a complex endeavor.
The Commission is ordering Pacific Gas & Electric to pay a record $1.6 billion penalty for unsafe pipeline.
Penalty amounts to spending on pipeline safety.
Of the $1.6 billion, $850 million will go to "gas pipeline safety improvements," the commission said.
$50 million "other pipeline safety," according to the commission.
"PG failed to uphold the public trust," commission President said.
"The failed.
Lives were lost.
People were injured.
Were destroyed.
We do everything we can to ensure that nothing like this happens again. "
The company's chief executive officer said in a written statement that PG & E is working to become the safest energy company in the United States.
"Since the 2010 explosion of our transmission pipeline, we have worked hard to do the right thing for the victims, their families and the community," Tony said.
"We are deeply sorry for this tragic event and have dedicated ourselves to re-earning.
The tragic event will not be forgotten. "
A section of E exploded, killing eight people and injuring 50.
The 37 homes.
PG said it has paid more than $500 million to the victims and families in San Bruno, which is just south of San Francisco.
The company also said it has more than 800 installed gas and implemented recommendations from the Board.
According to its website, 5.4 million electric customers and 4.3 million natural gas customers.
The Los Angeles Times reported the was a California Edison in 2008 and worker.
(CNN) in Rochelle, Illinois, Cathy Olson had never seen a tornado that big.
"I saw the funnel cloud, and it was massive," she said.
The hulking gray twister grind town Thursday, tearing up its.
A twister ripped trees bare and most limbs.
Remained.
It was the only death so far in two days of tornado.
Rochelle.
In nearby Kirkland, debris was so thick, residents could not yet assess the damage,.
On Thursday, a video surfaced of a massive twister, barely missing.
Images of turned up.
Multiple tornadoes ripped through the rural Midwest on Thursday.
A twister tore fields in Iowa.
A twister touched down 70 miles outside St. Louis.
Tornadoes were reported in Oklahoma,,.
It appears residents have been enough to the terrifying weather spectacle.
Stones the size of plummeted down, Illinois.
It could severe tornado damage a path from of Rockford -- the state's third largest city.
The tornado cut a path through Ogle County to disaster Richter.
North of Rochelle, a local favorite restaurant --.
"It's one of," said Eric who drove his truck to help out.
We're a community.
One person is be there. "
People were inside when and turned semitruck parked.
No one was seriously injured,.
Although found in a restroom was inside an hour.
Been at for miss it, Widick said.
In Rochelle, the tornado flattened's friends.
It's, think about her husband,, mayor before.
'd a of him.
"I have been able to,, sheriff and is safe," she said.
Sheriff Brian told Thursday that the tornado spared life County were easily treatable.
The county lost 20 homes one of them was his.
Fifty to 100 houses had damage, he said.
Foundations remained of some homes, said storm chaser.
"You can hear everywhere from where the structures," he said.
A reporter from CNN affiliate, said people the Rochelle.
Was of Rochelle on Wednesday.
Thursday, the storm took his's.
"I've got the clothes on my back," he said.
His family wasn't home when it hit.
On the Louisville was in and survived. "
It was the first tornado ever seen in his county.
I've fifth generation county.
The first tornado. "
He is thankful that the National Weather Service warned could.
Saved lives, he believes.
A particularly dangerous situation. "
The on alert for severe weather.
Tornado watches set to run early Friday.
(CNN) showing North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager shooting an unarmed black man reports officers.
Slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old Walter Scott.
Cell phone video,, shows shooting Scott eight times.
Scott was hit five times.
If words were exchanged between the men, they're not audible on the tape.
It's unclear what happened before Scott.
The officer initially used a Taser on Scott, Slager said,.
Before opens fire, the video shows a dark object behind Scott hitting the ground.
It's unclear whether the Taser.
In the video, Scott's body, Slager near Scott.
Slager is seen in the video handcuffing Scott after the shooting.
Shooting video Feidin, the witness who recorded the video said he didn't see Slager's Taser.
His account contradicts what Slager told dispatchers.
In two interviews with NBC, Santana said that he was walking on Saturday morning when he saw Slager who had been pulled over for a broken taillight.
Santana told NBC's Lester Holt on Wednesday that he saw two men struggling on the ground.
"They were down on the (ground),".
"the officer had control.
Had Scott.
Santana said he heard a Taser.
He believed Scott was trying to get.
But Scott used on the officer,.
Who was Walter Scott?
Police report included brief statements from eight police officers,.
One officer, identified as Sgt.
Gann said in the report he was conducting a traffic stop about 9: 30 a.m. Saturday when he heard -- apparently -- Slager say he was "".
Gann said while driving to the officer's location, "Slager advised Taser () up units."
Seconds later, he heard tell a dispatcher, "
My Taser. "
Hours after the shooting, The Courier said Slager attempted to use his Taser to stop a suspect.
The the the suspect taking the Taser to it, the newspaper reported.
In the report, officer,, said he was heading to the scene 10 minutes after.
"his vehicle at the the stop."
Said he spoke to a passenger Scott was driving.
"The passenger was detained and placed in the back seat of vehicle," the officer reported.
The passenger, said in the report was detained.
Scott family confirmed to CNN with said he is.
The family declined to provide more information.
A of Charleston Police, citing an ongoing investigation of Scott's killing Carolina.
Gann said at the shooting, officer Habersham "was administering first aid" to Scott.
"I and assisted Officer Habersham with first aid and CPR" Gann said in the report.
"We continued to perform first aid and CPR until EMS arrived...
When EMS over care who was pronounced deceased later. "
In his account, did not mention performing CPR.
"render aid to the victim by applying pressure to the gunshot wounds () EMS fire to the victim said in the report.
An officer identified as Sgt.
Webb said that he requested an ambulance.
Webb said that 9 41 saw administering chest compression to the defendant. "
Asked whether CPR was performed.
"I do not know.
I life-saving they save life "Driggers said.
Charleston Mayor Keith that not every officer.
(CNN) Police in India are putting an drones.
Yashasvi, Senior Superintendent of police,, told CNN the force has bought four drones and is in the process of purchasing one more.
"The drones have been tested in controlled conditions," he said.
"They have been very successful and will be used by police protests."
A drone costs, Yadav added.
Measure freedom of speech -- an already contentious issue in India.
Last month, the country failed to enforce a law that would allow authorities to arrest people who post material on social media.
Others believe the country events.
Some say this crowd control needs.
As the police are resorting to.
"While I think it is bound to if be scam, the administration not solve methods," photojournalist Chirag Wakaskar told CNN.
"What they could do by having video surveillance in sensitive areas."
Common in India capital Uttar Pradesh, also used drone crowds at a recent festival.
As well as a security measure in other cities including Delhi, the unmanned have been used criminal investigations.
Reports suggest the drone be Chief Minister of Lucknow, Akhilesh this month.
(CNN) a of the Secret Service is facing scandal.
Female Morales supervisor within the agency, made sexual advances at her, according to The Washington Post
"The woman told Morales,, he her" tried to kiss her, according to The Post.
During the incident, he "" and Morales gave up the paper.
The Post reports that 31 of Morales' assignment office.
A Secret Service was placed on administrative leave security.
Reported, Secret Service Director Joe Clancy briefed afternoon.
The allegations ""
"Any employees and will not be tolerated," he said in a statement.
This is just the latest organization embroiled in scandal over the past several months.
Top-ranking officials were suspended following White.
Was not made aware until five days later.
The agency has faced scrutiny for another lapse in the White House.
Secret Service Director Julia Pierson in September after a fence-jumper gained access to the East Room of the White House.
In September, an armed security President Obama trip to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Independent in December Secret Service is "" director from its ranks.
Clancy, who formally assumed the post in February, is a 27-year veteran of the agency.
"going said at a House Committee hearing.
"information to come up.
's trust with our workforce. "
(The Hollywood Reporter), the actor who portrayed the the, long-running drama "" has died.
He.
Also the original production's Pulitzer Prize-winning "That Season," died at home after a long illness, his wife,, told The Hollywood Reporter.
The acclaimed Law Steven Bochco who the series for eight seasons from 1986 to 1994.
For McKenzie for the Emmy for drama, 1992
"I had him in mind for that," said interview the American.
"He's so.
So him.
You know, Dick is hippie.
So he went into and outfit and he meet suit and tie.
He was. "
"the character a it's all gone smoothly," said in The Times.
"Sometimes's I.
's!
Most memorable character on the show he was in Rosalind Shays (played by).
One of the few actors in.
Dysart's range of authority top
In the telefilm and "War," both of which aired, he was the Secretary of War in "".
He played Secretary of Defense in "" ().
Hollywood Reporter Most powerful N.Y. extensively medical-) roles.
His most memorable came in classic in Paddy Chayevsky's "The Hospital" (1971), starring George () in "There" (1979), as doctor.
Died's "" films "The" (1974), "The Snowman" and "".
Dysart portrayed Edgar in the "& Bobby" and Mario "().
Dysart excelled as cranky coots.
He portrayed in's ""); was Eastwood ("Wall Street").
Was born March 30, 1929, in Boston and raised in Maine.
Following school, he attended the Gould Academy, for a year in Air Force College, where he graduated with a master's degree in speech communications.
At the time, he was interested in a career with the medium in first grade when) but was soon acting.
He moved to New York on a whim and was able to land roles on TV in an off-Broadway production of "The Iceman" opposite.
He Theater toured roles on Broadway "The Little Foxes" and "."
Drama Award for his performance in "."
Hollywood Reporter:'s credits include of "World of Julius" (1974), "The" (1975), "The Hindenburg Enemy of the People" (1978),.
Television, he was in "" () (), Eisenhower and studio chief "" ().
Include his stepson and,, brother Nadine John Jacobi and grandchildren.
A memorial is being planned.
Of the family made the Botanicum theater Canyon in the Los Angeles area.
Dysart had a second home in the.
Of retirement for his appearance "L.A. Law" reunion 2002
",," he said of "L.A." reruns in a 2002 interview with The Daily News.
"[The show] was the of.
It was very much the times,.
It up as well "
We lost © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter.
You may know from Fox's cult hit comedy "The Mindy Project," a perky, quirky OB career New York.
(the Big Apple not!)
A breakthrough — the first created by starring a woman looks likely to for the.
Recently, however's Vijay Chokalingam unveiled a, and getting a lot of attention — either from his famous, told "shame family."
Chokalingam revealed that as an undergraduate at the University of Chicago, he engaged in a daring () ridiculous scam: to school.
Had spent his college years as a "," less than 3.1 GPA.
Upon facing and exploring his med school, he realized that fellow were getting turned down the choice that "black applicants with test scores were more likely to gain acceptance."
This led him to make the decision to pose as a black man to "improve" his chances of admission to illustrate underrepresented minorities receive applying to prestigious schools.
To accomplish this goal, "Indian-American eyelashes under race ethnicity submitted his application to 14 schools" "
He received in-person interviews at schools, he claims that Asians.
And fraud has expired, he's looking to write a book on titled ": The Indian American Medical School Pretending to Be an African American."
What if Chokalingam affirmative action is "racism" when all is said and done, evidence the "privilege" that he.
Chokalingam grades and MCATs graduated from the most prestigious schools in the nation.
Yet representing himself as black, Chokalingam received a single offer University, somewhere between rankings.
Harvard, University of Pennsylvania, the higher ranked schools he applied.
Meanwhile, he admits, pretending to be black came with disadvantages.
He found himself being shoplifting store harassed by cops — who regularly stop driving them how much, implying that he must.
Backgrounds — comedian has recently the — didn't dissuade his adamant belief in the unfairness of seeks providing ethnicity in decision-making.
It's not just individual applicants. "
One-third of Americans are Native American physicians.
Since medical practitioners are practice, this lack of diversity has produced "doctor deserts," in which the nation.
— doctors want, he told me.
A degree isn't earned, he said,.
Which cuts to the heart of what's Chokalingam's racial farce.
For racial identities — including presidential candidate who ", Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren claimed ancestry in the past — claim the fruits of racial without having black burden.
Race isn't just blood; it is about the collective experiences inherited and present-day condition of a community of people.
Many race are; are deeply painful.
Programs realities an imperfect.
There are fields imbalances own.
Like health care and Hollywood.
What's ironic about's's While Asians are represented, low entertainment and breakthrough Mindy Kaling was voices.
's talent and charisma made her a star.
(CNN) "A long, long words baby boomers think of Don McLean's masterpiece" American Pie "
It's phenomenal allegory Americans know by heart, years old.
All historical cross-currents play off this timeless song,, "American Pie."
Real "" for its ballad, beer-hall and high-art.
The 16-page handwritten manuscript of the song's lyrics for to.
Paperboy saw. "Big" had crash,.
"The next day I went to school in shock and"
McLean recalled.
"Nobody cared.
Rock 'n' roll those like had hit since '57. "
By cathartically writing "American," McLean has guaranteed the memory of great musicians lives forever.
Recorded his first album, "Tapestry" in 1969 in California,, a native New Yorker, became a he the "generation lost."
"American Pie" Bob Dylan "
"American Pie" of "Evangeline" Mercer's "Moon" -- an essential poem emanating recollection,, and youthful rolled into one.
There is magic in music and "American Pie" for McLean's lyrics and frame a cosmic dream, like those "."
McLean, in peace and the Weavers, McLean proudly, when "American Pie" topped the charts, has never shed the.
Wandering far and wide "" windblown dance cloistered in England, at little has performed his global anthem thousands of times.
Yet the encore never loses its allure.
When McLean prods audiences rhapsodizing "" spontaneously joins the "Bye" chorus.
Deliver his most notable song is collective.
What makes "American Pie" so unusual is that it the,, listeners everywhere.
When "American Pie" or it's sing.
Like "Boy Streets" it's.
And rock 'n' roll and the song cascades along like a a roller coaster crashes.
These years "" feel and yet sense loss.
The song is alive and yet world.
It is a song that will never die.
A reverie for the ages.
The chorus, forces the mind the '50s,' 60s and '70s, to troll Irish folksong,.
McLean, has rightfully "" surmise Elvis Presley "" to "the sidelines" is Bob Dylan, and "Jack" the Rolling Stones.
But?
The lyric puzzle interpretations.
A literary of there American Pie. "
Normally I don't like rankings of songs or presidents, for that matter.
The of chose "American Pie" as the fifth song of.
The other "" and Harburg "Your" "".
Company.
Quite "" one of the greatest songs ever written.
(CNN) thankful to be.
It took.
Hinton,, in thanked God his lawyers morning outside the jail, as a free man since 1985.
He spoke of,.
"All they had to do was the gun, the law, you answer to," told reporters.
That death row. "
Jefferson County Judge Laura had ordered Hinton.
Hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area,, and Wayne Vason.
New trial in 2014 after testified that the revolver crimes could case, linked
"Death Row" questions the capital punishment state then declined the case.
Hinton at the time of innocence, said the Equal Justice Initiative, a group that helped win his release.
"Race, poverty, and prosecutorial innocence to a example of injustice, Hinton attorney, said of his client.
"that urgently dramatizes what happened."
"prosecutors to and reliable evidence of innocence is disappointing."
Amnesty report death sentences Dressed in a suit and shirt, Hinton praised God for his release, saying "."
He said to the families of the murder victims.
Both he and families have suffered justice, he said.
"us that say that justice case start showing I have (sat) on death row for 30 years," he said.
Who spent 22 years on death Hinton was accompanied Friday by his sisters, one of whom lives in the area.
Other siblings area him said.
Living, according to the lawyer.
Hinton planned to spend at least this weekend at home.
He will meet with to start planning his getting, Stevenson said.
CNN), "Lost" fans, but April 8 day.
Yes, we know the significance of April 8, and 4: 23.42 on that date to everyone with, and geek-outs that were occurring.
, Was "Rex Manning Day."
Twitter film "Empire Records" and the character of Manning, played by the.
The movie -- also Anthony and Renée on record,, former scheduled an appearance.
Fret dates made famous aren't by April 14 Their love so for Jack in the Titanic. "
The Jack does is April 14, 1912.
The Titanic,
"" know that April 25 is the perfect date.
Just don't dress accordingly.
"Mean Girls Day" is October 3, given when Samuels (hot)
Asks Cady what day it is.
's October. "
Honestly, is a good.
It's so fetch.
October 21, 2015
In the Future gang,.
(CNN) relationship to her, Fualaau, are still happily together.
34-year-old and mother of four in 1996 when she began an affair with Fualaau,.
Her and more than seven years in on their relationship.
, ABC's "" air the couple celebrate.
The pair wed released from prison are now teen girls.
According to ABC, the interview, "Kay tells Walters what makes in in."
"She also discusses her surprising plans as status as a registered sex offender the network says.
"Vili Fualaau, meanwhile, discusses alcoholism, and believes while he was still."
(They.
Really.
Its 2016 tour will be its last, according to a press release.
The band's 40th anniversary, and to celebrate, the tour is being titled "F *."
"It's official:," singer Dee Snider posted on Facebook.
Snider will play with a new Mike Portnoy.
Replaces A.J.
Pero, who died March 20.
The two shows in Pero's honor: one at Hard Rock Hotel and the other at the Starland Ballroom in Sayreville.
Family.
(The Hollywood Reporter) "" starring Nicole Kidman as star-turned-princess is heading to Lifetime.
The critically-panned film, which opened last year's Cannes Film Festival, will premiere on Lifetime on.
After its international engagements,, 2013 to Lifetime book The Hollywood Reporter.
Grace of Cannes review The film, which was' involved in a stand-off over was contemplating was scheduled for release in late 2013.
The involved had put it on their list of Oscar contenders.
It out of awards contention its release to March 14, Dahan lashed out at's over the movie's final cut, which the director was in the process of completing.
"There are two versions of the film for now, and his," complained,, "They want a commercial out that is too abrupt that makes cinematic."
That March was then scrubbed when Cannes debuting the director's version of the movie.
Even before screened's children blasted the picture as "historically inaccurate" and the Cannes.
THR: The Weinstein '' didn't premiere as part of a long-scheduled U.N.-sponsored trip.
But TWC did strike a distribution deal for the film in agreeing to show's., rights, a $2 million discount from its earlier contract.
"Grace" into its fall, 2015 release.
Tim Roth as Kelly's husband Prince, Frank Langella as Kelly and Grace "" "Sex Lucia" singer Maria Callas.
Original Hollywood Reporter.
©.
(CNN) American Pie "
The famed Don McLean song sold for $1.2 million Tuesday morning at an auction held by Christie's.
"Don McLean '' achieved price for manuscript, a tribute to one the foremost singer-songwriters of his generation," said a statement.
McLean told Rolling Stone that time.
"said.
I have two children and a wife,.
I want.
It's time. "
Over the years, "" in the music.
Has said that were the death of Buddy Holly, but's been conjecture -- hasn't stopped a's trying to parse the, opus.
The?
The?
The "who sang the blues"?
(One thing Buddy Holly was ".")
The years of 'Who's that?'
'?'
".
"These are things I never had in my head for a second when I.
Ephemeral did, it. "
The song catapulted the singer to headliner status.
The song hit No.
In early 1972, its length.
45-rpm song.)
The draft that was auctioned is manuscript lines, according to Christie's.
Lines make as well as notes --, McLean said.
Popular is Rolling Stone "
(CNN) Kanye West has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzi photographer he assaulted and shaken it.
The,, had filed against West after the star attacked him and tried to wrestle him in July at Los Angeles International Airport.
West pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count the.
To two years' probation sessions.
Ramos and his lawyer, Gloria Allred, sought damages in the civil suit, saying with the's.
The case had been set for trial next week, but Allred issued a statement Tuesday night saying Ramos' "the case was settled to the satisfaction of the parties."
She didn't disclose the details of the settlement other than saying "one important aspect of it was an apology by Kanye West, Daniel Ramos."
Her statement included a picture and shaking hands, which happened after the apology.
Caught on video
Kanye!
Kanye!
Talk to me! "
Ramos shouts at Los Angeles on the night of July 19
"What?
Why talk to you?
I? "
He asks as West moves a paparazzi.
"come, don't want to you" West advances toward him.
"I told you don't talk to me,,
"trying to trouble step you $."
West is then seen rushing the photographer and attempting to wrestle his camera from his hands.
West after seconds of scuffling with the photographer.
"We believe that this case,".
"Celebrities physically attack someone simply because."
Beverly Hills Police investigated an incident in January in which West was accused of assaulting a man at a Beverly Hills office.
West charges reaching settlement.
(CNN)'s new documentary "Going Clear: Scientology and the Prison of Belief," but Scientologist John Travolta is not a fan.
Travolta told the Tampa Bay Times that he has not seen the documentary, "and I don't really care to."
"I've been Scientology) last years have anything to say that would shed light on (a documentary),".
The actor Church of Scientology's high-profile members along with stars Tom Cruise is premiering "" in Clearwater, Florida.
The HBO documentary based on the book "Going Clear: Scientology, the Prison of Belief" is critical of the organization, which has ties to the.
Travolta said he believed "experiences" the Church touted as a positive experience for him.
"anything that the hearsay claimed, would that?"
Asked.
"It wouldn't, nor would it for Tom Cruise)."
He called Scientology "brilliant" and credited the church with helping him to survive his,, the vacation in the Bahamas in 2009.
"Oh't" said,,
(CNN) Blues B.B.
King was hospitalized for dehydration, didn't.
's caused he "is much better,",, told the Los Angeles Times.
Released a statement thanking concerns.
"I'm feeling much better and am leaving today," King said in a message Tuesday.
Moore, a for, said was back and enjoying.
"He was struggling, and" Moore said.
"He wasn't going to let his fans down."
More information on's condition where he was hospitalized was immediately available.
B.B.
Short for Blues Boy, he used as a Memphis disc jockey,.
In Grammy.
King used models of Gibson guitars over the years, and named each.
In the 1980s, Gibson officially dropped the model guitar he used and.
Became a signature model of Blues. "
Some of his hits include "The Thrill Is Gone," his first Grammy, "a Better Somewhere" and ",".
Last year, suffered from dehydration and exhaustion, cancel.
(CNN) the verdict.
It had been almost two years since Tsarnaev planted bombs at the Boston Marathon, setting off explosions that wounded her and others.
In court, she testified that the blasts on that day in 2013 left her lying in the street staring at her own bones.
Now, jurors have found him guilty on all 30 counts he faced for the deadly aftermath.
But no verdict can ever make up for the pain, she said.
"I don't believe that there will be justice brought to this if he does rest," she said.
"I do believe he should be held accountable.
And I'm very thankful jury members are making do that. "
Tsarnaev, said the trial has left her reeling from emotions memories,.
"Everything is being again full force.
Our lives will never ever be the same, but I hope we can move forward and remember that we are here for a reason, that there's, ".
"standing on, I'm standing stronger than ever because someone tried, and he failed."
And others attack, Wednesday brought emotions,, expressions of debate over whether Tsarnaev should be sentenced to death.
There were no outbursts inside the Boston.
In fact, there was barely any noise as people sat on the seats.
Tsarnaev victims' family members lowered their tears.
CNN's from the courtroom, "."
The family of Sean Collier, of Massachusetts, said his brother, Tamerlan, "monumentally".
"While today's verdict bring, that Tsarnaev will be held accountable for the evil that he,".
Richard Donohue, MBTA police officer in after being wounded in a shootout with the Tsarnaevs in Watertown "hold those accountable."
"Justice has been served today,".
Karen said the trial.
She doesn't believe Dzhokhar's Tamerlan persuaded the as.
Dzhokhar in was "."
"grateful for today," Brassard tolder reporters.
"It's not a happy occasion, but it's something that we can put one more step behind us."
Echoed by who is among those who rushed to save lives at the finish line.
He. "
't celebration.
A peace of mind around Boston.
A community that suffered after the bombing and manhunt.
And they got through it by rallying around a deep bond reflected in Boston. "
That feeling all around the city Wednesday's verdict.
's who lost her leg below the knee.
She's a living example of someone stopped by terror -- only to walk again again.
"Nothing can replace the lives that were lost or changed," said on Facebook
There served responsibility be taken. "
That view was shared.
Those hurt -- physically, emotionally -- by 2013,.
Not the end of the road.
Just ask Jeff Bauman.
The picture of him,, being rushed through by Samaritan became a symbol of heroism.
Both, Bauman has become a symbol of resilience -- moving on with his life,.
Wednesday, said the verdict "will never dramatically."
"But it is a relief," he added, "one step closer to closure."
(CNN) A popular Chinese is now the subject of controversy after being caught on camera cursing Mao Zedong.
Fujian, Central Television was singing a song that the Communist Party he going.
"Party Mao.
He made us bad ".
Other.
Bi later apologized.
"My personal speech has led to grave consequences and I.
I sincerely apologize to the public.
As a public figure, I learn the lesson,, on China's social media.
Making disrespectful references to leaders is taboo in China,.
And's comment was directed at the man regarded as the country's father despite his controversial reputation.
The video,, was uploaded.
Has been removed from video-sharing was.
It's unclear when the incident occurred, or what relationsip was between the camera and.
CCTV said it would investigate.
"CCTV has" said a statement posted on its Weibo account.
CCTV did not respond to a request for comment.
"Bi" the TV personality was born in the Mao era.
The Bi was a "" Peking opera that performed in the 1950s.
It was popularized during -- China unrest.
The video quickly divided China's community.
Critics said Bi as public figure,.
Others, arguing that was simply a private was set up by whoever uploaded the clip.
Also emerged new head of CCTV case. "
Mao divides China.
His hangs Beijing's, and thousands embalmed his mausoleum in the heart of the Chinese capital.
Despite this reverence, Mao's deeply flawed legacy.
A dictator inspired deaths.
(CNN) Tornado Wednesday night in Kansas as storms brought reports.
Spotters reported a tornado northwest, less than 15 miles west of Wichita.
That storm moved to the northeast,, but potential risks to communities.
"storms that all night," said CNN severe weather expert Myers.
Tornadoes are the most deadly,. "
Reports from southwestern Kansas, according to the Storm Prediction Center.
The sightings were near Wichita.
Kansas wasn't the only state affected by the storms.
Indicated a tornado touched down in the small town of Missouri, St. Louis.
CNN received reports of damage and flooding in the town.
One there posted a photo of a fallen tree.
Showed damage to roofs and street water.
Away in Leadington posted Instagram picture clouds.
And a Twitter user in Farmington news when he went to his car.
"They weren't kidding when they said hail),".
More storms are expected southern said.
(CNN) Anyone who has the event can.
To do on?
With two hooves sticking out for minutes in the?
Luckily, Katie -- a giraffe at Dallas Zoo -- is a champ.
An captured by cameras streamed gave birth to a baby () early Friday evening.
There was no word on the newborn's condition.
But there were signs as seen on the live stream Dallas Zoo's Twitter feed -- like its moving, its efforts to stand, and its nursing ().
"We're so proud," the zoo tweeted.
The newcomer, 15-month gestation --.
Baby a 4-year-old calf Jamie.
It wasn't known how many people saw Katie go into labor and.
But definitely did the form scene unfold an abutting Katie.
Fact Katie shocker.
The zoo describes her as "" among a giraffes at the zoo who loves to "toss" when she doesn't.
, "one of the giraffes at Dallas Zoo who can stick her tongue."
(CNN) Where do you go from here?
The fourth season of "Game of Thrones" saw massive battles, Tywin)
, What can fans expect we head into one of the most popular shows in HBO history?
's the high-profile, airing the time.
(HBO is a Time Warner company, like CNN.)
Doug Gross, a writer, had a few thoughts on TV).
"We're seeing some of the major story arcs coming together".
"Stannis has shown up at the Wall to save Jon Snow and the rest of the Night's Watch from," he said.
We'll see how his quest for the Iron Throne collides with's.
's path should cross with Daenerys' this season, according to.
"Season five also will be that some of the major story arcs ahead of where George Martin is in the 'Song of Ice and Fire' books,".
Executive producer David Benioff told, "We are starting to build to a bigger and."
, This season means the, with the show currently set.
The Stark daughters, Arya and Sansa, will be the characters to watch this season,.
The world of Westeros is constantly plagued by war, but a?
"Wars are waged, but it's the common folk who suffer," Gross noted.
(CNN) VII Americas was supposed to be between the United States and Cuba.
Venezuela and Panama City, Panama. "
Heads countries in the Western Hemisphere have to discuss political issues since the 1994.
The wrench diplomatic, with American leaders United States didn't invite Castro.
The tide changed December 17 when Obama and Castro announced that five War.
Diplomats immediately Havana and Washington attention focused on the Americas for the first time since the about-face, Obama and Castro would come face-to-face.
The't Cuba's strongest ally, Venezuela.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro accused the United States of trying to topple his government and banned Bush, Cheney and Rubio from entering Venezuela.
"They enter Venezuela," Maduro said, blaming the American for what he called terrorist actions,.
The State Department said allegations of U.S. involvement against Maduro were "false."
Obama issued an executive order sanctioning seven Venezuelan "."
Every order includes that, but Maduro demanding repeal.
He also asked in full-page ads in The New York Times and in Panama newspaper.
Maduro has been rallying Bolivian President Evo Morales,.
Damning for the United States and the "" summit Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez sided publicly with Maduro.
"We reiterate our condemnation of the unacceptable and the nation of Venezuela with.
We our the Revolution headed by President Nicolás Maduro, Rodriguez said.
(CNN) with Iran are.
Unfortunately, many in President Obama's to the negotiating table in tough sanctions.
Indeed, with Iran -- lose.
Faced with falling oil prices Ayatollah Khamenei gave his government rare permission to bargain with the "Great Satan" -- the United States.
But sanctions the nuclear crossroads, Tehran.
For Khamenei, the "framework" last week:, return billions of dollars in sanctions relief.
A strategy the top Democrat on the Foreign Affairs Committee, Eliot Engel, and I introduced a bill to Tehran with toughest sanctions.
This -- which passed a 400-20 vote -- last year would have sharpened the Ayatollah: Dismantle nuclear weapons program or see.
A line, he said: "we'll program.
Straightforward. "
The framework announced last week.
Negotiated between the United States, China, Britain and Germany, the concedes Iran and its development.
The deal currently on the table hand billions previously sanctioned, the,, Iraq, and Lebanon.
On Iran enrichment in years the President Democrats insisted that Iran's nuclear program last. "
The President admitted as much "have advanced centrifuges and at breakout would have almost down to zero."
But these concessions are aspect of the April 2 Iran cheating.
Question is: Will the International Atomic Energy Agency be allowed to inspect without warning?
Because IAEA cannot conduct "anytime, anywhere" will "" bomb.
It has.
In 1994, when President Bill Clinton told a deal with North Korea that would "make the United States, the Korean Peninsula and the world safer"?
President of State, when he promised North Korea agreement "" and certified by the International Atomic Energy Agency. "
North Korea nuclear.
Iran could easily do the same.
Its behavior is its behavior -- between 2004 and 2009, the Iranian government built Iranian desert.
Luckily Tehran's deception.
Rely on in the future when Iran hasn't come clean about its secret weapons development and from.
Let's not forget the other things Iran has been doing while its diplomats have been with the U.S..
While Iran, it has been helping his funding, the government --.
If regime "America" deal.
Waterloo, Iowa (CNN) Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb share little in common.
Both Democrats presidential run, both are facing long odds in, and both shared at the Dinner in Iowa on Friday.
But as at the dinner, that is where the similarities end.
O'Malley is a former Maryland governor who seems most at home when he events himself would hand.
Webb,, and senator from Virginia stoic at retail.
Before the event, O'Malley cruised the union hall.
Environmental activists and chatted with tepid supporters who admitted their other political allegiances.
"is a marathon, not a sprint, told O'Malley, a nod to his long odds in the Democratic nomination.
"Yes,," O'Malley responded.
"Welcome to Iowa".
"see you more."
O'Malley smiled, "
I do, too. "
Webb wasn't, opting to stay close to his seat near group.
As Webb cut his sizable of O'Malley was standing directly behind him,.
The,'Malley the rounds did shake.
"," Zach Smith, a father, said of his baby Noah.
"I have a bunch of kids.
The one years old said.
The baby looked up at the senator.
"He is pretty calm," Webb,.
From, and O'Malley know each other.
In Friday, the first the two.
Two Democrats.
Hillary Clinton, the former secretary of state is set to bid national of the.
She has begun of to win.
O'Malley and Webb are both her.
In a March ORC poll (PDF) of national Democrats, only 1% said O'Malley and Webb were their top choice.
Politics and the Des Moines Register, O'Malley was at 1% among Iowa Democrats, while Webb found himself at 3%.
The speaking portion further showed Webb and O'Malley.
Webb spoke before the governor, gave a subdued speech that mentioned three areas he would focus on if he ran for president, economic justice and criminal justice reform.
To the of the audience, Webb promised Iowa.
"I am committing right now," he said, "going to the whole state."
The biggest applause came near the end of his speech, when he urged get.
"our political process," Webb said to applause and "."
On the speech intentional applause lines.
At points, the governor would stop to allow for the silence.
"When the American Dream is denied, our hopes fade, and but," O'Malley said,.
"the dream we fight for workers, that Americans support on."
As the event wound down, Webb and O'Malley.
O'Malley, who spent the previous day in Iowa, left Friday.
Webb,, stayed veterans event Waterloo.
Speaks about service and appeared more at home at the event.
He stories veterans and spoke at length about how the government could be doing more for veterans.
He also touted passing the.
Bill, a that education veterans, stressed that more needed to be done.
"You want give them the same".
"If you want to thank them, hire a vet."
After the event Webb shook hands with people who told stories and problems.
Smiled and thanked people Saturday.
Asked whether he enjoys retail politics that Webb.
Skepticism of retail politics for Webb.
As a one-term, was came campaigning, namely retail politics.
This he on a rosy view.
"the good part
Charleston, South Carolina (CNN) Police officers Saturday accompanied the carrying of Walter Scott to service where hundreds celebrated his death change.
Part of the large procession delivering -- officer -- a service open to the public.
An overflow crowd gathered on a humid and rainy April afternoon at W.O.R.D.
Christian Center in Summerville, about 300 people.
The flag-draped casket. wheeled relatives and friends followed.
Some; others embraced.
Hundreds, including local officials, assembled inside the packed sanctuary under an awning at the entrance,.
The Scott's poem father.
Anthony Scott said God as for change.
"" he said bringing to the crowd.
The head of the church, George Hamilton, spoke of how Scott had brought members of his church agony family member on video.
The death of Scott, who was black, at the hands of a white police officer was "prejudice," Hamilton said.
It was an act of racism. "
"Hate because was an African-American," he said.
Hamilton said his not law a "."
"" he said
"Walter's death will not be in vain."
After pallbearers lifted Scott's casket into.
Crowds poured from the church.
A of black cars made its way to Live Oak Memorial Gardens in Charleston for the burial.
Chris Stewart, the, said more than an issue.
"It's a human issue," he said.
"We're people in us,'m this family.'
Their be changing the way we look at. "
Friday night, Scott's open casket was draped with an American flag and a.
Dallas -- his was the casket and a of Cowboys.
But's family was missing.
Needed, said Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley,.
A killed in North Charleston after getting pulled over for a broken taillight.
A passer-by caught the shooting on cell phone video and Officer charged with murder.
Fired in the death penalty.
Who was Walter Scott?
The video shows Scott running from an officer, who fires eight shots.
Struck five times falls to the ground.
"Nothing demonstrates that the officer's life or the life of another was threatened," President said.
"use of force was excessive."
But is a struggle before the shooting.
And one expert believes a murder charge may not hold up.
, Gwen told CNN's Brian Todd that scuffling at the lot.
"It was a tussle type of thing like 'What?'
Or 'What did I do?'
Thing, said.
"Mr. Slager
Nichols' account has similarities to's.
He told investigators that he had tussled with his Taser and that he feared for his safety.
Defense attorney Paul Callan said's defense will play up arguing this is murder.
"Defense attorneys will say a shooting -- was suddenly some kind of an altercation, a physical altercation with a suspect,".
Constitute law to murder makes a difference in sentencing. "
A murder conviction.
From the witness cell phone video, Santana a different picture.
Slager Scott said was on the ground.
Santana said he could hear the Taser use.
He said he didn't see Scott go after the Taser,.
He said he Scott was trying.
"Mr. Scott tried to fight," Santana said.
Neither the nor captured video started shortly after.
The South Carolina Law Enforcement Division found troubling the very start, it said in a statement.
"We believed early on that there was something not right about what happened in that encounter, Keel said in a statement.
"The cell phone video shot by a bystander confirmed our initial suspicions."
Slager's lawyer, Andy Savage, has "has not received cooperation from law enforcement that has."
's office said in a statement that "any documents, audio or video of Slager's arrest."
Has advised police that Slager belongs to "is no longer involved in the case."
Charleston County Sheriff Cannon said Slager's,, eight months, had him at the detention center Friday.
Slager was being held "monitored for his health,".
In a statement, Slager's lawyers said the meeting lasted about an hour.
"His wife and mom were tearful but strong, grateful to see him in person, even the statement said.
"family and Jamie's ultrasound from to remind all.
, Michael Jamie was relieved shown families.
Police dash cam has emerged from the day Scott died.
It shows before the shooting going smoothly between Scott and Slager.
Scott apparently tells the officer on the vehicle and do.
Then Scott gets out of the car and runs out.
Was a child support to court.
Why he ran, lawyers for the family said after the service.
Rep. James Clyburn, D-South Carolina, told reporters outside the service that Scott job the first time he was.
"He said it was the,".
Now you to's got to be income.
't going to make income from jail.
It seems to take a look to the loss. "
Police met with a man in car but in a police report obtained by CNN.
He was detained after the shooting, officer wrote in the report.
Attorney Stewart said a co-worker.
He did not identify the passenger by name.
On Friday, mourners trickled Fielding.
A white banner near Scott displayed his favorite NFL team.
"."
"This is for everyone," said,.
"breaks hearts."
Washington was rocked Thursday by shootings one at the and another in a popular area with restaurant patrons.
The shootings were connected, authorities said.
Authorities believe was to D.C. Police.
The vehicle was spotted outside the which.
A guard apparently approached the vehicle and saw two.
That guard was then shot at in, said County Fire Department spokesman Mark Brady.
The guard was in critical condition, according to.
Police chief said the suspect then fled.
Officers the chase fired at multiple locations,.
The chase ended in a crash on busy H Street.
A shootout ensues said.
An officer and the suspect were wounded, according to the police.
Both were talking when they left the scene.
"we have reason to believe in incident here car involved in kidnapping," she said.
Lanier told reporters the victim.
She did not identify the suspect, who were injured.
Steve Brusk reported from Washington.
Dana Ford wrote from Atlanta.
An Iranian aircraft flew within 50 yards of an U.S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf, sparking concern that commanders might not be in full control, CNN has learned.
The incident, which has not been disclosed, troubled U.S. military officials because the unsafe maneuver could have triggered a serious incident.
It surprised U.S. forces have conducted operations, one U.S. military official told CNN.
"have been ordered," the official said.
As U.S. and other world powers limiting Tehran's nuclear program.
Time, in hotspots in the Persian Gulf and neighboring regions.
On a routine patrol in international airspace,.
An unarmed Iranian observation aircraft approached.
The Iranian made passes at the helicopter,, before the helicopter moved off, according to the official.
The official said the helicopter and flew away in a 'predictable' manner so any intentions.
The Navy helicopter was in contact with the encounter no shots were fired.
The incident but the military is not releasing them.
U.S. administration is considering a demarche protest against Iran, the official said.
CNN has reached out to Iranian officials but has not received a response.
Observation generally operates over the Gulf several times a month.
But after the recent incident, U.S. naval intelligence did not see it again, leading to the conclusion that the incident may have been ordered reprimanded.
The Pentagon has noted for the last several years that encounters with the Iranian military in air, that some run by Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps forces have against U.S. forces in the area.
The military's concern that one of these incidents.
Incident "" the official said, is a risk from such actions.
The Navy patrols Aden to Iranian ships the U.S. believes are weapons to resupply in Yemen.
) When 23 years old, she got married in Westchester County.
A year later, she got married County a first.
Only 18 days after that marriage, she got hitched again.
, Barrientos declared "" within weeks of each other.
In 2010, she married,.
Application for a marriage license, was her "first" marriage.
Barrientos, criminal counts "" on the 2010 marriage documents.
Prosecutors said.
At Court in the Bronx, according to her attorney,, who declined to comment further.
, Barrientos was an,, spokeswoman.
In total,, nine occurring between 1999 and 2002.
Westchester County, New Jersey.
She married four men she married to eight men at once, prosecutors say.
Prosecutors said husbands filed permanent residence status shortly after marriages.
Any happened after filings were approved.
It was unclear be prosecuted.
The case was referred to the Bronx District Attorney's Office by Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the Department of Homeland Security.
Seven men are "red-flagged" countries, including Egypt,, Pakistan.
Her eighth husband,, was deported in an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
If convicted, faces up to four years in prison.
(CNN) # UporDown?
That's the question of a cat coming down some stairs.
Or up some stairs?
You thought you were this kind of optical illusion TheDress.)
The picture was apparently uploaded ago and has caught a post on the website.
Some are noting the motion of the cat.
Others are commenting about the construction of the stairs.
(Nobody has mentioned that some would be more likely to stop in the middle.)
Where public.
Taxes?
(CNN) I remember the day I stopped.
The day my brother died of cancer.
He was 25.
I was.
I was 27 at the time, and, stopped going to church.
But, on that terrible day -- I desperately needed to understand why God took my brother.
I called.
Lady picked up the phone.
"Can I talk with?"
Asked.
I wish her answer. "
She asked was.
"Does it matter?"
I asked.
(At the time I lived far from my home parish.)
't, the answer about my being Father was clearly no.
I don't know if churches would shut me out, but I figured,, it was the rules required.
Then decided I would never ask God.
Clearly, his on did me a lifelong Catholic -- and would he?
, I've lapsed Catholic.
Until Francis.
There is something about Francis that's reawakened my faith.
It's not he of the church.
Things but I find myself Catholics enthralled.
Recently I had the pleasure of meeting one Pope.
His name is Cardinal Gerald Lacroix.
At Basilica Notre Dame in.
My questions it about Francis
Mystery you know
...
What's man is living,.
's himself.
He's in the told.
Those close to him say he's 4 in the morning to prepare his Mass, which is 7 in the morning.
That's three hours,.
That fine-tunes a day. "
How the Pope stays humble.
Why he and washes the feet of the disabled, women and those of other faiths.
Why be built for.
Is appealing, but it's more than that.
In my mind, it's his.
Pope Francis said a the, who am I to judge? "
Comment.
Homosexuality has long been a taboo subject, yet Pope.
Lacroix likened the approach to Jesus.
Jesus judge.
Jesus did not come as a judge.
As someone who talked about God. "
Are so, but I understand why Catholics.
If the judge tell not?
",," told me
I think Pope Francis is conservative the right way.
You have to be conservative to come back to what is Gospel.
You reproach Pope Francis or preaching. "
Isn't in the church
"room.
, Cardinal insisted
You Catholic Church, do we respect persons?
Do we welcome them?
Do?
Of course.
Respect and a tradition and we go to bless.
That doesn't mean we reject. "
That last -- "mean we"
-- did for me.
I finally understood why my faith.
I always felt my church would me.
Like calling a priest not my home parish.
Like not Easter.
Like eating.
Like the.
As me, Jesus walked with sinners until the very end.
Not banish, refused on.
Cardinal "I'm trying (-- to have an open ear to what the church and world are experiencing.
To today to those needs.
I want people to see the church, as an open.
Not a church that's we have to -- we have someone to. "
I can't wait to go church next Sunday.
(CNN) Mullah Mohammed Omar is "the leader" of the Taliban Islamic Emirate.
That appears to be the message of a biography just published by the Taliban of the militant credited with founding the group in the 1990s.
The Taliban's "" released the document in several translations on the movement's website, ostensibly to commemorate the province when an assembly of Afghans swore allegiance to Omar.
Observers say is rumors of Omar.
"There have been a lot of rumors about him.
Some people are saying that he is not alive, said Muhammad Akbar Agha, a Taliban insider who has written an autobiography about his days.
Taliban important biography to give CNN.
Bergen must an Afghan's leadership credentials at a time when declared.
"The Taliban has at a critical moment, said.
"Another has announced himself to the world Taliban has.
Getting noticed by militants across South Asia. "
Was famously camera-shy Taliban.
To this day,.
Any propaganda.
No publicity.
No interviews.
He never used the Internet,, a journalist and expert on Afghanistan who once interviewed Osama bin Laden.
Omar disappeared after U.S.-led the Kabul.
Has offered for his capture.
The Taliban have released written statements purportedly made by the leader-in-hiding.
Years without audio of the led to speculation that Omar may have died.
The biography challenges rumors of Omar's death by offering a description of his daily "specific to Jihadi commanders."
The publication also seeks to fill in some gaps about the militant's early years, including the detail that his "",.
According to the biography, was born in 1960 province.
His father, "respected" died.
Omar studied at a religious school,, run by his uncle.
Afghanistan and the subsequent Soviet invasion, interrupted the young man's studies and propelled him into the opposition mujahedeen.
For the next decade, Omar commanded "against the invading Russians and,".
Along the way, he was wounded a number of times and was blinded in his right eye.
In, the biography claims Omar and a Mullah Biradar Akhund destroyed Soviet tanks even though they were armed with rounds.
The Taliban., and Pakistan, helped the Soviet army defeat in 1989.
Historians have documented the rise of the Taliban in the chaotic 1992.
The movement who identified themselves emerged to bring order to a country being ripped apart by mujahedeen warlords power.
Taliban says compatriots "launched their struggle against corruption and anarchy" Kandahar in 1994.
Taliban and its austere interpretation of Islamic law.
U.S.-backed rival bin Laden al Qaeda.
Video and he was killed by U.S. raid on the city of Abbottabad in 2011.
Though Taliban militants have continued to battle the government, has not been seen or heard from in years.
Continues Taliban executive as commanders Afghanistan
(CNN) An Amnesty International report is to address the number of attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan.
The report, "" examines and the Taliban.
Its publication is timely.
The murder of Farkhunda, a young woman in Afghanistan,, shocked the world.
Pages from holy protested the 27-year-old's innocence.
What made international headlines was the first women in Afghanistan, hoisting the's on draped headscarves under the gazes of men and shouting messages of along.
A poll the most dangerous women.
Latest figures were risking their lives.
In 2013, the U.N. Mission in Afghanistan showed the number of women killed in the country had increased from had decreased said the report.
Representative of the U.N. in Afghanistan at the time,, told the U.N. Security Council that (women killed) is linked to violence culture of the country
"Women activists have been deliberately targeted."
According to the human rights group, little has come from.
"The government has done little to protect them," Amnesty researcher,.
"almost walk free reported by women defenders are often simply ignored
Women they received protection from authorities was or were. "
The attack on Farkhunda "testified that police stood by while woman lynched and killed," says Mosadiq.
Twenty-six people were police officials suspended in connection with the attack is insufficient.
Police, who failed be held to account -- anything less will encourage further violence.
But what is striking is the resilience of the activists, who continue their work despite their lives on the line.
"remarkable moment,, recalling female protesters at's funeral.
I women country. "
Party of Afghanistan -- a small but outspoken political party based in Kabul and as rights.
Accusing Afghan brought to justice.
Taking Farkhunda against onslaught of violence against over was the case.
But the was a clear message.
"So the women of Afghanistan showed that not not to women".
"So we decided to carry the body show to men and broke the traditionalism."
She says male onlookers supported their mission, in the country.
"Men (at the), have to do this is Afghanistan
", to their," she says.
"women together.
At the same time, women their rights. "
Says the fight for women's rights was established a while ago.
"in Afghanistan is nothing new the movement has since 2001, and fought for and achieved some significant gains.
"These are under threat, however,.
Partners do not allow this to happen. "
Been threats her received emails and phone calls at her home and office.
But she says she knew what she was getting into.
"an easy task.
There challenges and to going and struggling for your rights.
Woman I want, I want more people, to struggle. "
Mosadiq says it is too soon to talk about a revolution, Farkhunda, has been a "."
, However, the beginning of an uprising -- she says moving.
Interestingly, it was man that motivated her to fight.
"I must say that my father,,," she says.
"He told women in this country," she says,.
"And you have to struggle for your rights.
Because patriarchal society give). "
She she is,, a society where she has witnessed and -- women.
Ghaffer that is to women,,
"So,, who will?
The rights for us?
We have to struggle for it
Hip-hop star has been arrested on drug charges in Tennessee over the private, authorities said.
The rapper St. Louis "" has been charged with felony possession of marijuana, the Tennessee Department of Safety and Homeland Security said.
The state trooper stopped the bus carrying and other people in Putnam County on Saturday because it wasn't displaying U.S. Department of Transportation Tax stickers, according to Tennessee authorities.
The trooper was about to conduct an inspection of the bus,, when he "noticed marijuana," authorities said in a statement.
Two searched the five colored rocks for methamphetamine, as well as a small amount of marijuana and drug paraphernalia, the statement said.
The search also turned up several handguns 100 small said are commonly used for drugs.
The guns included a gold-plated .50-caliber pistol pistol and a magnum.
Nelly,, was taken to the Putnam County Jail along with another passenger.
He later posted the, Putnam said.
CNN reach's representatives for comment Saturday.
"Star Wars" fans will get more than they bargained for when the saga comes to digital HD on Friday.
The collection of the six "Star Wars" movies will include many special features, which give fans a glimpse behind the scenes of the saga.
Sound of the Geonosians Star Wars II: Attack of the Clones "
'star Wars universe gets its first In exclusive video sound explains which animals were used to the sounds made by.
Take a look at the video above to find out.
(CNN) Hillary Clinton is announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election.
Although her polls sag in recent months, there is likely to be a boost in the days that follow the announcement.
Reason to be excited about Clinton.
She is certainly one of the strongest candidates in many decades.
She brings to the table extensive political experience,.
She some of the partisan wars than ever.
She has modern news media and scandal.
She, who shy away from Republican.
Americans have many Clinton, given the the presidency.
If Clinton puts together an effective campaign, she could be unbeatable in the primaries as well as in the general election.
However, during the buildup to her final decision, have.
Clinton doesn't end up like in 2000.
Although he did well with many believing that he actually didn't once the campaign started.
He too was touted as a candidate who seemed stiff when the trail.
He seemed to when television cameras were rolling.
Gore had trouble connecting with voters, and his image.
As inevitable nominee, for.
Clinton must avoid's path.
She the 2008 primaries can do.
She needs to do on that her is and record of experience.
That is not enough.
Is for her to put forth an exciting vision about what she would stand for in the White House.
Signs when presidents, they are savvy enough to understand that will limit her ability.
The Washington Post suggests that are aware of this.
After the, big rallies on events she will meet voters in states such as Iowa and New Hampshire.
Clinton have doubts about her authenticity.
On the campaign trail whether she could be trusted.
That question has dogged the Clintons ever since they came onto the political scene.
Politicians has often come back to haunt them.
Clinton attacked "" both parties for the win faced criticism.
When she tried to distance herself from her vote, many didn't buy's foreign policies and instead.
Her "" of running for the Senate, many saw it as a manufactured effort to hide she was running for office.
That there recent stories about her private, some felt that even if minor she wasn't always telling about.
If, often.
The next few months, Clinton's base.
The has suggested that most of the Democratic Party is not that enthused with Clinton.
While they will probably vote she will stand for values.
She will address concerns through her agenda.
Voters will want to hear her about issues such as tougher to as well her positions.
She will also need she heard voters being too hawkish about going to she.
Clinton will also have the gender.
Any will subject and -- about her -- candidates.
Her is an effort to break remaining.
But the struggle will be tough.
Finally the challenge, Clinton will have her husband.
Sure he can be an force on the trail,.
But he can also be liability.
As learned in 2008, Clinton is not always easy.
His, as he did in Obama's candidacy,.
The of Foundation about conflict of interest,, as was the case when few re-emerge on the campaign trail.
Whether that is fair or not is beside the point is fair game on the campaign trail.
Hillary Clinton has the potential to be a successful presidential candidate.
Des Moines, Iowa (CNN) O'Malley told reporters in Iowa on Friday that inevitability -- a Democratic frontrunner.
"" the Governor possible presidential contender said.
"History where frontrunner was inevitable she was inevitable."
Clinton was considered inevitable to win the nomination but.
O'Malley previously dropped the comment in a television interview last month.
The governor capped his trip to the first-in-the-nation state to in Des Moines, said that although Clinton is an "qualified candidate," the "."
"full nationally can very well to make their case to the people of Iowa," O'Malley said.
In some polls, he has scored in the low single digits.
In a March ORC poll, 1% picked O'Malley.
In a January poll by Bloomberg Politics and the at 1%.
Clinton,, is planning presidential candidacy on message, to told CNN on Friday.
While he wouldn't say much about Clinton when asked about her candidacy, O'Malley said "that they move our country forward, they should run.
Should engage with voters would be the it.
O'Malley,, appears to refrain from attacking Clinton.
Although last month said that presidency is "some crown to be" he has not focused.
, Openly presidential.
"that Democrats, -- and I have heard this all over the country -- the Democrats expect a robust conversation about the issues we face as a nation and the challenges we face," he said.
"conversation needs to take place as important as a presidential primary."
New Delhi (CNN) An Indian software pioneer been sentenced to seven years in jail in India's biggest corporate scandal, police said.
Ramalinga Raju, the former chairman of exporter Satyam Computers Services, was also,, India's Central Bureau of Investigation told CNN.
Satyam Computers at the center of a $1.6 billion fraud case after then-chairman Raju admitted profits with fictitious assets and cash.
Investigators resulting from the company's manipulation were higher.
Other people breach public trust charges the Central Bureau of Investigation, which looked into the case.
The case has been compared to the which company overstated by.
In was fourth-largest software provider.
It was serving almost 700 companies,, more than half its revenue from the United States.
The company had operated in 65 countries.
After Raju's shock disclosures, the Indian Satyam's board.
In a state-backed by Tech country's Mahindra.
Of the nation's software industry, Raju in 32.
He had founded Satyam in 1987.
(CNN) When photographer Johan became a father for the first time, he took a wonder about how to be the most for parental leave.
He immersed himself in fatherhood -- you might say.
To document the real-life experience of taking full advantage of Sweden's program, which allows mothers and fathers to take leaves so they can care for their newborns.
This: Sweden grants a total of 480 days of parental leave, with 390 of them paid at income of 3,160 euros a month or $3,474.
Paid a flat-rate benefit.
's.
Fathers to share leave with mothers.
So both parents to raise, Sweden has mandated that 60 of the 480 days be "daddy months" or "partner months."
If the daddy aren't, reducing the leave to 420 days.
Also created a "bonus" days parents share equally,,.
Is for both parents to share the.
In reality, only Swedish couples share the leave, Bavman said, with women continuing to as the stay-at-home parent careerist.
Last summer how impacts those who use of.
CNNPhotos the conversation about photography.
Bavman had difficulty finding such men.
But fathers photograph, he captured their devotion imagery.
"I realized dads bonding" said Bavman, who now has a son,, with partner Stark, a journalist.
"I didn't want to bring out fathers as,".
"I wanted to bring out these role models which people can connect to
Tiredness....
's.
This is something that years.
That mothers. "
He also found moments of humor with one child apart father.
The have become more understanding mothers said.
Some career change to accommodate their parenthood.
", they their life," the photographer said.
Bavman is looking for a total of 60 photograph.
So far he's found lens.
A freelance photographer, Sweden.
Hicks is charged in Chapel Hill, North Carolina death penalty,, according to CNN affiliates.
Court Judge Orlando Hudson Hicks is "" WRAL and WTVD reported.
Was arrested the deaths of Yusor Mohammad, her 23-year-old husband,, and 19-year-old Razan Mohammad Abu-Salha.
All three were shot in the head.
Was' neighbor, turned himself in to police the night of the killings.
He was indicted on three counts of first-degree murder and discharging a firearm into an occupied dwelling.
Police said.
Police said "" might have been a factor in the shootings said dismissing the possibility of a hate crime.
Is believed to be Hicks' Facebook page,.
Have authorities to investigate a hate crime.
The Department of Justice issued a statement..
"It has always been that Hicks should be held responsible for his actions to the full extent of the law.
His killing of college students was despicable, and now he must face the consequences of his actions, said Rob, Hicks' wife.
(CNN) HBO just "."
The network released a teaser video for season 2 of looks intense.
Colin Farrell, Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch star in which.
Here's the synopsis, murder three law-enforcement, navigate a conspiracy and betrayal in the landscapes of California.
Ray Velcoro, a compromised detective in the all-industrial City of Vinci, LA.
Vince Vaughn plays Frank Semyon, a criminal of losing his life's work, while), choices and her own.
Is the serves, Kitsch, war veteran and cop the scene three,, dollars "
Yes.
The first season starred Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson as pair detectives investigating the death of a young woman.
(CNN) The University of Michigan has decided to proceed with a screening of "American Sniper" despite objections from some students.
More than a petition not the movie series.
An Oscar for Chris Kyle, a the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history.
Shot at a Texas.
The movie's depiction of the Middle East region.
Arab-American.
A backlash to the decision to yank the movie asked school officials to reconsider.
On Wednesday,, University of Michigan said in a statement "It was a mistake to cancel the movie 'American Sniper' on campus as part of students".
"The initial decision to cancel the movie was University of Michigan places on freedom of expression and the right of students to make their own choices," the statement said.
UMix will offer the family-friendly "" for those who would attend "."
(CNN) her inspirational cancer onto the basketball court and into the hearts of many at age 19.
The Indiana woman's story became known around the world last year when she was able to realize her dream of playing college basketball.
Joseph University in NCAA opening game of.
Hill died Friday.
At a ceremony honoring life on the campus, head coach Dan said the a loss.
The community lost a player,.
It lost a friend and daughter.
And lost. "
"It's not often you celebrate a loss," he as in tears
To life,.
(No.)
You will be missed and remembered by many. "
An a quote from: every moment no the about the future.
Promised.
Never leave unsaid.
I every moment and struggle no matter how.
Nothing holds me back from living my life and chasing my dreams.
Always and.
Never give up.
Fight.
Hill would help raise $1.4 million for cancer research with the group The.
The organization called her a "."
"Lauren hearts of people tenacity Mount St. Joseph University,".
Lost in 2015 Mount Joseph University President Tony Artez said's "love and laughter remain in our hearts."
"We are forever grateful to grace our campus with her spirit, said in a statement.
"She has left a powerful legacy.
She taught us every day. "
Her principal at Lawrenceburg High School,, announced her morning.
"Lauren's message was positive," he told CNN.
We all need to beat.
Not cancer.
Any situation can be positive. "
As news of her death spread, social media lit up with messages honoring her life.
LeBron James called the true definition of courage, power, leadership. "
"The greatest accomplishment is to inspire," Twitter user Just _
"Lauren Hill did that."
NCAA President Mark Emmert said's "and inspiration not only to those who knew her best, but to the millions of people she touched."
"achieved meaningful and her continue," he said.
Hill was diagnosed with diffuse glioma in 2013 when she was a senior in high school.
The rare brain tumor was inoperable, but Hill persisted in playing on her high school treatments.
"I never gave up for a second, even when I got a diagnosis, never thought back and," she told WKRC-TV at the time.
She had already committed to play for Mount St. Joseph when she was diagnosed.
School received its first scheduled play.
In front of a crowd wearing her "Never Give Up," watched score points and final the game.
"Today has been the best day I've ever had".
".
A 32-year-old Massachusetts man is facing murder charges Wednesday, days after another man's remains were found in a duffel bag.
Attorney said Colina will be arraigned connection with the remains.
Earlier this week, Colina was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing bodily injury and.
A County judge bail for another case he's involved in alleged assault.
The victim in remains were found in recent days.
Police were notified a suspicious item.
Officers arrived at the scene, opened a duffel bag and found human remains.
After that discovery, police say a surveillance video led them to an apartment building where more body parts were discovered in a common area.
That location is near the Cambridge Police Department headquarters.
The both locations belonged to the same victim, identified as Camilien.
And knew each other, according to authorities.
"This was" District Attorney said.
) of was stabbed York early Wednesday, two Atlanta Hawks -- who had just finished a home game incident -- were arrested, according to police.
The were not involved in the incident, other charges later.
Though New York Police Department.
The incident 1OAK clientele, the club told that the stabbing occurred project
"1OAK staff was unaware of the incident when it happened, as it in a different location.
However, 1OAK Mr. to fullest capabilities and as he was seen walking towards the venue, the statement said.
"A review of the video seems to reveal from the venue or immediate surroundings that 1OAK"
Copeland and,, the club, 1OAK spokesperson.
The spokesperson gave CNN additional details on 1OAK's the club statement.
The suspect, the spokesperson said entered 1OAK, and Saltara in front of Fulton Houses, according to the statement, detain the perpetrator and is in custody. "
The suspect, will be released said.
Copeland make their way to the club the personnel "trail" between the site of the stabbing and the club, the spokesperson said.
"almost landed the club," the spokesperson said, adding that the actual stabbing occurred away from the club.
Down immediately after the incident, said.
A, said.
A knife was recovered, a suspect was arrested and two individuals involved -- Pero and Thabo Sefolosha, 30 -- were arrested on charges of obstructing governmental conduct, she said.
Sefolosha said.
Word of the stabbing quickly spread, reaching Antic and Sefolosha, who went outside to check on,, the spokesperson said.
Two began a around the scene, leading to their arrests.
"We and look forward to communicating the situation at the appropriate time," the players said in a statement released by the team.
"We apologize to our teammates and the Hawks any negative attention."
In Wednesday game against.
Player will be in uniform, the team said.
Police released little information Wednesday, but identified the injured man as Copeland, 31, from New Jersey.
The Pacers released a statement saying Copeland suffered a wound to his elbow and's in a New York hospital.
We are aware that Chris Copeland was injured early this morning in New York City.
We are still gathering information and will update when we know more.
With Chris injured,, the president of basketball operations said in a statement.
Copeland's agent,, We're concerned.
We don't have any at this time.
All we can do is wait. "
The NBA Hawks front office said they were looking into the incident.
"We are aware of the situation involving and Thabo this morning.
And will have further comment at Hawks Garin said in an email.
Pacers to the New York Knicks on Wednesday night.
The pair arrived arrests both Hawks' the Phoenix Suns Tuesday night.
Antic played 12 minutes, and Sefolosha.
The ended. Copeland,, was near the nightclub with Saltara when a man approached, police told CNN affiliate WABC.
Dispute suspect stabbed the 6-foot-8-inch in the abdomen, slashed Saltara and another woman, the station reported.
Saltara suffered cuts to her,, the other woman WCBS reported.
WCBS reported that the woman.
Images published in the News showed a sidewalk sports off police tape, with side.
A scene of the Hawks, WABC reported.
The Hawks are preparing for a playoff run after clinching the No.
1 in the NBA's Eastern Conference.
Tuesday's win over the Suns wins a season for the club.
The.
(CNN) A year after Cannes "".
At its premiere and by reviewers, Ryan Gosling's first feature as director has been divisive, to put it mildly.
But there through the of: its setting a besmirched and decaying Detroit.
On providing city its, the perfect backdrop for Gosling's post-industrial gothic.
, Gosling that the city was at the heart of the project -- Detroit's film.
Gosling said shots of the Projects, the first social housing development in America and a place Joe called home.
"heard] were going,.
"I had to shoot them before they did."
Taking time out between acting jobs, he ventured into the projects.
"I started", "and making a film.
The filming.
Gosling's affection for Motor City, growing up "far away".
"everything Detroit... American Dream," he reminisces
"Motown, the" he references "miles of dead neighborhoods," the city.
", he says," within families trying to.
For it has become a nightmare to film about. "
Alludes to a once thriving community displaced at the bottom of a reservoir with concern for the residents -- man-made interference with untold repercussions.
Broader argues Lost Rivers everywhere and people. "
On screen he paints a destruction properties and bulldozers amid extreme human violence --.
The director states that as a it "was dangerous."
"an there that was threatening... a experience [filming].
Its of the movie a tone of impending threat there.
However there are signs of humanity and regeneration amongst the chaos, on camera and off.
For's young protagonist, on house piping waiting to be recast reclaimed.
, Gosling references community organization in, reimagining buildings as artists.
One house covered, another covered in people spaces. "
The city's renewal was a draw.
"Something interesting is happening in the moment -- a.
People what they are, according to Gosling
A resilience and energy, and. "
As the content of "" revolves around preoccupation plays on's perception of Detroit the narrative the possibility of reincarnation.
Gosling claims this paradox when discussing Detroit and precisely what the film is trying to convey.
"We want people to know happening there, but it's not what is happening there," he argues.
"It doesn't define, it's just part of what it's dealing with."
(CNN) All Elizabeth wanted was to leave paradise and home.
But.
Why?
According to her.
That's what said in a video posted to Facebook shows from Alaska Airlines at the gate.
"You're taking me off because I don't have a note I can fly,.
"these and I'm removed as if I'm a criminal or contagious, because I have cancer and no note to fly."
Did get a flight to, she didn't get.
She got an apology.
"We regret the inconvenience experienced... sorry how the situation was handled
"...
Our employee well-being. "
Her cancer fight, was in Hawaii to celebrate her 14th anniversary.
On Monday, she was on a plane to east.
Then, according to her Facebook post, saw Sedway in the handicapped asked her how she was doing.
The second time, wrote she responded by saying she felt weak.
That call doctor removal from the plane.
Alaska Airlines spokeswoman, acknowledged that policy when medical issue is to, a group.
She explained "to address medical issues concerns in the flights" --.
The decision to pull the flight was done with "the" in mind, according to.
't was.
Alaska Airlines apologized to Sedway "for the disruption" in addition to refunding her family their overnight accommodations. "
Though she was in Hawaii, made clear on Facebook that this was a disruption. "
(CNN) It took prosecutors months to present 131 witnesses to support their claim that former NFL star Aaron Hernandez killed semi-pro player Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez's story, in day.
Is on trial for the shooting in.
The defense has't.
The evidence Patriots' case.
Some key points jurors will have to consider after each closing arguments Tuesday: As news spread that Hernandez was under investigation in June 2013, Kraft called the meeting after.
"He said he was not,".
", that that the time murder incident out said he was in."
There's only one potential problem with that claim: The time Lloyd was killed hadn't been made public yet Hernandez met.
How Hernandez was killed
"prosecution, CNN analyst said
"Basically what happened is Aaron Hernandez lied.
The only way you rebut it is if you put him on the stand. "
A, said he never had any problems with Hernandez and was always respectful.
Hernandez's,, revealed box that she said reeked of marijuana.
She also said she didn't know what was in the box.
The prosecution weapon used in the killing was in the box.
Case.
During cross-examination by the defense, Jenkins testified that she suspected marijuana because the box "."
She told prosecutors during that she didn't know what was in the box.
She said told she.
With her daughter's clothing, said she threw it away "a" but could not remember where.
Testimony on the shoes Hernandez wore.
A Nike consultant testified that was Air Jordan Retro 11 Lows.
About 93,000 pairs of that shoe,.
The shoe makes impression, said Lt. Massachusetts State Police.
The testified from defense attorney Jamie that other shoes the same impression.
Bennett, who works in crime scene, testified that the footprint Lloyd's body was consistent with the Air Jordan size 13.
Although he did shoes that used an identical.
Bennett did so by creating a transparency sole and laying it over a photo of the footwear impression.
Jurors watched as he aligned with.
What a the prosecution was quickly derailed by defense attorney Sultan.
Sultan questioned the analyzing footprints.
A investigative report by Bennett saying the impression lacked detail to be a comparison.
Footage from Hernandez's home security .45-caliber handgun -- the kind of gun police said was used to kill Lloyd.
Camera Lloyd was shot to death about a mile from Hernandez's home.
"the video stills is" manager Kyle testified.
The video is time-stamped minutes after workers in a nearby like -- the prosecutors was getting out Hernandez was driving.
Hernandez's showed a different part of the video a few seconds earlier holding what appeared to be a shiny object in one hand,.
"Glock pistols don't to them,"
Attorney James asked.
"".
A gun to Glock, suggesting Hernandez.
Hernandez has.
But already, his arrest led to deep consequences, including his release from the New England Patriots and the loss of millions of dollars.
So what who had signed a $40 million contract risk everything?
Prosecutors said done something that didn't sit well with Hernandez.
They claimed Hernandez friends and orchestrated the.
Hernandez's co-defendants,, will be tried.
The case.
In two murder charges against Hernandez in case.
Hernandez is also accused of shooting Daniel Safiro,.
That double shooting took place in July, a year before Lloyd was killed.
Prosecutors have said in pretrial hearings that Hernandez may have been mad for possibly showing Lloyd the spot.
During trial, prosecutors suggest a murder "" for Lloyd "spot" played in Lloyd.
The judge has banned mention of the double murder in Lloyd, ruling.
Hernandez has guilty well.
Lloyd, murder trial awaits.
(CNN) For years Adelma Cifuentes felt,, never knowing when her abusive husband would strike.
A mother in Guatemala with three children and third grade, she thought there was no way out.
What began as psychological torment turned into severe Cifuentes feared for her life.
One day, two men sent by her husband shotgun to kill her.
Would have after the bullet was fired, Cifuentes' dragged her inside.
In her conservative community, it took hours to call for help and Cifuentes.
The abuse didn't stop there.
When she returned home husband to rape their little girl.
Her.
Guatemala, where nearly 10 out of every 100,000 women are killed,.
A violence at Guatemala country ranks third in killings of women worldwide.
According to women killed.
In the country's civil war.
During the conflict, atrocities were committed against used.
In 1996, a ceasefire government.
Followed what remains of terror due to entrenched culture of impunity and discrimination.
Paramilitary groups that committed during the war back into society without repercussions.
Many remain in power,.
200,000 people disappeared during the conflict,.
According to the Centre, crime are higher in Guatemala than they were during the war.
Despite the high homicide rate,% of cases make it to court.
Women are particularly vulnerable because of and.
-- of brutality strategies including, torture.
Mexican drug cartels, groups are contributing to the vicious cycle of lawlessness.
Authorities investigating killings are fewer resources to investigate femicides.
Many fear of retaliation.
Many consider the Guatamalen Police,, corrupt, under-resourced and ineffective.
Even prosecuted, according to Human Rights Watch, the country's weak judicial system has proved incapable of handling violence.
One of the biggest challenges facing women in Guatemala is patriarchal society.
According to U.N. Guatemala, 80% of men believe and 70% of women. "
This of machismo an leads to violence.
Rights violence, blame the victim.
Political will to women.
"Politicians think women," says General of Presidential for.
"use women for.
Food people are poor. "
Education is major poverty.
Many girls in indigenous communities don't go to school because their house the far
Quiroa are subject to rape, violence and forced participation in the trade. "
Although the girls in Guatemala,.
Help was able to her husband get justice.
Years behind bars.
Cifuentes using her painful past to others.
Since 2008, she and four other survivors known as La Poderosas "" have a play based on their real stories.
Not only empowers women and the problem, it.
And it's having an impact.
Women have asking.
Men are reacting.
One of the characters,,, he realized how he treated how been.
Be different.
Of gender-based violence also acknowledged a popular program Guatemala's.
With help from the United Nations Population Council launched a community-based club, "".
The goal is to provide girls with a safe place to learn about their rights and reach their potential.
Senior Program Alejandra says the issue is discussed and girls are taught how to protect themselves.
"They then share this information with their mothers the first time they."
Adds mothers invested in sending their daughters and violence.
The Guatemalan government against women.
In 2008, the Congress passed a law against femicide.
The attorney general's office created a court to try femicides and other violent crimes against women.
The government established a joint task force for crimes against women, making it easier for women to access justice need.
The government has also established a special court to attend to femicide cases.
On the front Violence Against Women Act was introduced in Congress; it has since.
The act was reintroduced in the Senate.
Reducing levels of gender-based.
Effective help is coming from are on the front lines of gender-based discrimination.
Ben Weingrod at global poverty fighting group, "We work to identify and challenge harmful norms that perpetuate violence.
Work men and champions and role models and to change. "
Is far from over.
While there is hope, the gender-based violence in.
Cifuentes is finding strength and the support of abuse, which has allowed her to move forward.
Of women trapped in a cycle are facing dangerous futures.
(CNN) A grand jury has charged millionaire Durst, a convicted felon, with unlawful possession of a firearm.
In's indictment,, is accused of possessing, which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room last month.
The indictment.
The charge is the latest in accusations.
A judge ruled last month that Durst, who is charged with first-degree murder, will be held without bail at a New Orleans.
Spring in "" HBO documentary about him.
He's accused of killing Berman in California in 2000.
He also faces weapons and drugs charges.
Last month, court documents claimed Durst had a .38-caliber revolver,, a latex mask with hair attached and more.
He also had a UPS tracking number.
The prosecutors said it contained more than $100,000.
The fight will unfold in Los Angeles, where the district attorney filed a first-degree murder charge against Durst last month.
He awaits extradition charge.
If convicted, he could face the death penalty.
Prosecutors accuse Durst of "" killing Berman, a longtime confidante "witness."
Berman was shot in her Beverly Hills home in December 2000, shortly before investigators were set to speak with her, Durst.
Has had nothing to do with's death or his wife's disappearance.
It's not the first time he has been accused of murder.
He admitted killing his neighbor at a 2003 trial but was acquitted after he.
FBI agents have asked authorities to examine cases near where lived over the past five decades, a U.S. law enforcement official said.
Unsolved cases in New York Area and California are getting the official said.
Durst's attorney, Dick DeGuerin's authorities.
DeGuerin said has serious medical conditions.
He is suffering from hydrocephalus brain surgery a couple of years ago, said.
Doctors implanted a stent on his head,.
At the time he was in the hospital, he on.
's got some issues
...
He's lost a lot.
He's in good health DeGuerin said.
(CNN) Change is coming to Ferguson.
In the next few weeks the Department of Justice (DOJ) will begin to negotiate in earnest to restructure the police department, which the department has charged with engaging in a pattern and practice of racial discrimination.
It should not be forgotten that Ferguson months of protests following the killing of Michael Brown the town's.
Now, after year of unrest, and with citizens black city council members, change is to come.
The?
The Department of Justice police department preyed on citizens.
Through illegal traffic arrests and excessive residents.
Municipal court system used court fines and fees that dollars.
Court constituted the second-largest sources of revenue for the town.
A force,, according to Attorney General Eric Holder "" -- that preyed disproportionately on the town's African-American residents.
Evidence of ugly and explicit racial discrimination was.
It included racist officers and evidence that African-Americans were in all of the police incidents recorded by the department.
Release of report Ferguson "
Ferguson's ugly, emails released The recommendations in the report from of,, implemented the system.
(A grand jury investigated by Darren Wilson to file charges against him and also.)
Without question, change is coming to the town's government.
Ferguson's most powerful official and,, public scrutiny resigned replaced the city.
Council again and Tuesday council, changing its racial composition mayor were white.
The council will be 50% black.
Ferguson police after through months-long display.
The department drew the attention of the display of weaponry and response to protests.
The appointment of a commander from the Patrol was quelling the unrest and build the.
Jackson's departure sent an important signal of a officers.
So we can be certain that new the there will be new Ferguson.
Does that mean change will?
Not.
Activism during this critical period turns to the vitally important opportunities that lie ahead in the coming weeks.
The Department of Justice's full-on negotiations with the will determine the shape of the new Ferguson Police Department.
DOJ the possibility of disbanding the department in favor of a policing integration with St. Louis County.
Many activists have suggested such, but in including of county forces the will have to ensure that the fold County.
Elections.
Turnout been low, with voters.
Local had vigorous campaigns..
Mayor has two years left and that he will ().
That he will be a lead voice in negotiating with department.
Will guide his participation in?
And residents that vision Ferguson.
An ambitious change in Ferguson.
Ferguson governing structure, weak thousands of suburbs in.
Form of governance might, middle class suburbanites in cities like St. Louis.
Like Ferguson with a population in which the needs of the population the hews to the needs of residents may need a form of governance.
, A system in which elected officials have minimal power chief of police,, a the kind of unaccountable, non-representative government that Ferguson's residents.
Country.
, Missouri, like the vast majority of states,, a -- few states hold Ferguson.
It's not that Ferguson is towns across America.
Ferguson flaws in our democratic system towns across this country the stakes are high.
Ferguson the opportunity to begin a movement for change in the 89 in St. Louis County plagued governance flaws towns.
Ferguson country weak elected government meet the needs of the population.
Change is coming to Ferguson.
(CNN) A Delaware father is in stable condition as his two boys remain in critical condition after they became sick, officials say -- during a trip to the Virgin Islands.
, Sons and teens fell ill two weeks ago, where they were.
The family has medical and a full recovery, according to a statement Monday from the family's attorney, James Maron.
The,, was treated at a hospital and released in occupational therapy, Maron said.
Agency said Friday the presence at the rented villa have caused illnesses,.
Paramedics were called, the family was renting.
Was found unconscious the and mother having seizures said.
The lawyer did not say.
Elias Rodriguez, an EPA spokesman, said the agency's preliminary test results "show that presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the."
Bromide can result in,, according to the EPA.
The pesticide is restricted in the United States because of its toxicity.
It's not allowed to be used indoors.
Are permitted to use it in certain agricultural settings.
For pesticide into the U.S. strawberry fields, said Judith Enck, an EPA regional administrator.
"We sure residue on strawberries".
"wash
"This is a pesticide that's been around for a long time because of being phased out of fumigant,".
Field workers at a nursery were poisoned by the chemical in 1990, according.
, California fell bromide, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said.
Correspondent said the the chemical,.
Is used only outdoors.
The chemical is also odorless, Gupta said.
"It's not something you would have warning of," Gupta said.
The chemical is tear gas so be aware of its presence, he added.
EPA said family was ill at on March 18 and were violated.
, Regional administrator said on.
Which acts as a rental agent for several units said the unit where the pests, was not treated.
The company said it licensed an outside company, Terminix, services.
On Monday, it ended its contract with Terminix.
In spokesman wrote that the company is "committed for our customers," and cooperating with authorities. "
The Department of Justice has initiated a criminal investigation.
"remain manufactured, resulting in this family's injuries,".
Attorney added: "The family is brought to justice."
A passenger on an Air Canada flight Friday a stranger tried to choke him.
Oliver 22, said Air from Toronto something around his neck.
"something jumped on.
What happened, Minatel told CNN's Paula Newton moments after the incident.
She was seated behind Minatel, traveling with his team.
The incident occurred about a half-hour, after the had.
"(down and other to help got out and started saying to him,".
The man was restrained for the trip crew told him to stay seated with his seat belt on.
Kept out of his seat but passengers yelled.
At Atlanta airport at about 4 was met by authorities.
The suspect was escorted off the plane.
An FBI spokesman confirmed the agency responded to the incident.
"was transported for coordination of the Atlanta Police Department, Special Agent said.
Charges relayed to the U.S. Attorney's Office in Atlanta.
Minatel forward Brazil was traveling with the Ottawa Fury Club of the American Soccer League.
Scheduled the on Saturday.
"We're very thankful and relieved that he's O.K.
And in Dos Santos in a statement posted on the website.
Several witnesses said the suspect the headphones.
Kevin Kerr says he was seated next to the suspect.
"He was talking about how this soccer team was trying to kill him.
He was deranged, said Kerr.
Kerr said he to see the suspect trying to choke.
"I assisted to make sure that,".
A the gang retracted on Sunday -- a part of the: Virginia is sexual assault on campus.
School expelled a student for sexual assault --.
Virginia attorney general law firm take a look at how the university historically handled allegations of sexual assault by students.
How UVA officials handled the allegations in the discredited Rolling Stone article by a student called "Jackie" knew about the allegations more than a year before the article came out.
The gang rape at was 2012, and Jackie told about it.
She started telling her story publicly, including at a "night" rally.
But police hear of 2014 Jackie claimed that hit her.
When a university arranged for her to talk to police about alleged assault, she also told the 2012 incident.
Police said Jackie to pursue the case.
More women came forward to talk about women not Jackie's.
Conversation about the topic, women began coming forward to talk about a culture on campus sensitive to victims.
Many women told CNN a euphemism for rape on campus.
'd call it a "bad experience."
That there were for "rapey" date-rape.
Some judged could based on a woman's.
And, some complained that the internal school.
Rolling Stone had a line in its story: "UVA's so pronounced that since 1998, 183 people have been expelled for.
And, not a single student at UVA has been expelled for sexual assault. "
After the article published, admitted sexual assault forward -- that was never.
When the story was deleted from Rolling Stone's website, that was lost.
"lose a lot of who in" said Sarah, a UVA student, "a lot of good things could come about
Fixing problems here and on campus -- and, across the nationo.
Myers, there's an investigation into UVA as a result of a civil suit.
The attorney who,, CNN destroyed the alleged assault for her.
Columbia Journalism's could have,, phone and friends claimed that night.
They later tell media they story.
Stone says their would have been.
All three say they would have talked if.
One of the trio, said he felt Jackie also pointed out's mistake in fact-checking the fallout caused issue to be.
"direct wouldn't have been printed, at least in that way," he said.
The article was focal would have been different.
It might have been dramatic, but it focused on some of UVA students who shared common stories of acquaintance rape.
"was that sensationalize experience that,".
I would have been different if) with someone with a less horrific story -- something that happens to people.
I think what survivors go through.
Something this physically what everyone goes through.
Like I wasn't assaulted by more than one man my story is not as worthy of attention.'
That this rape is on college campuses. "
Before the report came out,, some had come because it forced UVA to institute new policies and open up conversation discussed nationwide.
But some survivors and advocates are afraid the set back.
There's a possibility people to come forward.
If you come forward and you don't have the date you think 'being a liar.
It's easier to '"said.
"and about's performance," of the Columbia School of Journalism
"Rolling Stone teed that subject up.
(CNN) like any tournament has been dubbed 'Moving Day'.
It been and the make their move up -- or down -- the board.
Rose and players fell away on at the Masters.
McIlroy went in briefly raised hopes he of completing an improbable Grand Slam on Sunday.
But dropped late on in the.
Woods comeback?
Showed touches mixed with the has his new finish too.
Long way from the jacket
"It super,.
"All in all.
It should have been two shots better. "
Phil Mickelson powered around the course,, finishing eleven under.
As did Justin Rose birdies row under second.
In the end,, no one move quick enough trouble Jordan Spieth.
Infallible 21 year old has been a sensation at Augusta.
His infallible first two rounds gave the old lead in the round.
Has three Augusta on occasions to win.
Spieth 15 just 10 Masters set in 2001.
Could Tiger Woods 270 set.
As Spieth played steady round.
He made the occasional the bogey, he hit back straight birdie hole.
As his third round came to a close birdies his putting impeccable.
The only bogey the.
Echos of 1996?
When reminded of some of the great Augusta including Nick Faldo's shot swing, Woods believes anything is possible.
"," he said.
Saw what happened in.
You never know.
It on. "
Of course,.
As Greg Norman knows, anything can happen on the final day.
That crescendo depends on Spieth a Greg Norman-style.
Spieth's double bogey on on 18th give the chasing pack.
For all movement of Mickelson,, a one shot second lead.
Star Wars "lives, Burger-King couple helped be found in fast food, and Mindy Kaling a announcement.
A.
1.
'streaming the streaming device of your choice,'s surprise that the "Star Wars" saga () released the end of the week.
This release.
2.
's: medical school Actress's brother says he as into the experience calls the hypocrisy.
Planning:.
3.
, "Dukes of Hazzard" the loss of actor James Best, best known's Rosco P. Coltrane.
Passed on: ".
4.
Burger it was, and when food got the couple scored a.
5.
Down again)'s Move featured on more than one occasion,) the "So You Think You Can Dance" the Easter.
6.
"The Vampire Diaries" Not since Zayn Malik announced he was quitting One Direction has Twitter had such a meltdown: "Vampire Diaries" star is leaving CW
"will," one fan tweeted.
Things loved seen "," from Spike Battle. "
Go, greased
Tony winner James Corden "" for Los Angeles.
"Suicide Squad" including Will Smith for the photo from.
No, Jared Leto was taking photo book ").
(CNN) Bring your own, goblet vase and slurp it up.
7-eleven first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee at United States stores from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Saturday to peak Slurpee season.
This at can fill "cup", average of a Slurpee.
A garbage can cup.
In-store displays with a 10-inch-diameter hole will rule out anything too ridiculously large Slurpee cups must.
"From trophies, customers can unleash their bringing of a fun Slurpee,"'s president, in a statement.
The written and 100, is plain and stark
"Leach.
A.
/ 7
SA Australia, "
"Deanate Squadron,
150 Vermilyea York, another says.
"9th, G.,, N.S.W., 1916 July Lismore,," reads a third.
Soldiers, four writings have recently been found underneath battlefields near, 120 miles north.
Jeff, who has been chronicling details of the site, -- and the underground in which they were found -- as "breathtaking."
"treasure trove," he said Monday,.
"locally realized what was there."
Gusky, a National Geographic photographer, has chronicled the area in he calls "The Hidden World."
The underground city extends have come to light recently said.
Actually dates back centuries but was in the 18th century.
In the 19th century.
During World War I, soldiers would take refuge in the carved-out.
Miles; the history, was nearby in 1916.
The land was privately owned and off-limits to outsiders, said Gusky,.
It villages the area, he said.
Researching the city is a painstaking task.
For one thing, it's dark, so observers haven't realized what exploring.
The maze-like the discovery a slow process.
"They go on and on.
So elaborate in some places there are maps stone lost, he said.
Was written yesterday,.
Has noted 1,821 names.
Are of the identified British.
Fifty-five and 662 have yet to be traced.
For Gusky, the graffiti provides a connection with men who lived a century ago.
Cases they remembered, he said.
"in place one day and fighting at the front," he said.
"was killed a month later, Gusky observed.
"It could very well have been the last time he recorded his name as a living being," he said.
President Obama's nomination to become the country's first woman attorney general is a historic pick.
Her confirmation, however, is as her wait for a confirmation vote by the full Senate month.
Senate's confirm the -- has been scheduled longer than any in recent history.
Senate on Monday than eight previous nominees for the job.
Currently the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York cleared the committee February 26 by a vote, with Republican Sens.
Orrin Hatch of Utah, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Jeff Flake of Arizona joining Democrats in sending the nomination to the full Senate.
Obama Attorney General Eric Holder on November 8, had announced to the.
Hundreds of miles from Washington, longtime residents of Durham,.
Family moved to the city when she was a child.
Her parents,.
I our Lynch's father, Rev.
Lorenzo Lynch.
I in life.
I know nothing is and I know nothing. "
, 82, preacher was active in the civil rights movement of the 1960s.
He ran unsuccessfully, for in.
"fight," he traveled to Washington to attend his daughter's hearing before the Judiciary Committee.
"that that childhood.
The of the mindset, Lorenzo Lynch said
"system or the dual treatment."
Asked, Lorenzo deferred to the state branch of the NAACP and Allison, a Durham activist who has known Lynch since the family moved to Durham.
"I think about the epidermis, thinking" said suggesting that Lynch's confirmation has been delayed.
"When has it been so different person nominated how we interpret different?"
Allison said.
In March, Rep. G.K. Butterfield, D-North Carolina, chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, said "race in delay of Republicans."
Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Illinois in criticism saying "."
Durbin was harshly criticized by McCain.
"the senator from Illinois chose to come and question the integrity and motivation, McCain said on the Senate floor.
"It was I think he owes, Ms. Lynch and all Americans,".
"he should be commended," Lorenzo Lynch said
"that a description of what happened and,, have... to carry a."
Giuliani pushes for Lynch confirmation Republicans adamantly deny the African-American.
That,, will be replacing the country's first attorney general who was confirmed by an overwhelming margin.
, Republicans and Democrats say the delay is part of an ongoing battle.
For some, it's part stalled in the Senate.
, Retaliation for Obama.
On Holder's political FiveThirtyEight.com predicted a confirmation hearing. "
Lynch supporters across North Carolina have organized to convince the two Republican senators to support.
North Carolina women,, to meet with Richard Burr and Thom Tillis.
Reportedly, the meeting lasted nearly an hour.
At a news conference at the, the group blasted the senators nomination.
Is time like.
It.
State of North Carolina said after the meeting.
For their part, Burr and Tillis released a statement supporting her nomination, group.
NAACP organized protests outside the offices in Raleigh Wilmington.
"" said President Rev.
William Barber II
"I believe if she had been Clarence Thomas, she would have been confirmed."
"her courage, her her commitment to law enforcement the laws of this land the Constitution, because her was in civil rights movement --,".
Up the heat on 'limbo' Lorenzo says he carried his daughter several civil rights marches on his shoulders.
He admits progress was fighting.
With loosely organized stories about his daughter of House.
Admits he's never told his daughter he's proud of her,.
(CNN) a fantasy car Speedway turned deadly when a crashed.
The crash took place Sunday at a car on a racetrack.
The Lamborghini's, 36-year-old Terry of Davenport, Florida, died at the scene, Florida Highway Patrol said.
The driver of the,, lost control of the vehicle, Highway Patrol said.
He was hospitalized with minor injuries.
Petty Holdings, which operates the Walt Disney World released a statement Sunday night about the crash.
"On behalf of everyone in the organization, it is with a very heavy heart that we extend our deepest sympathies to those involved in today's tragic accident," the company said.
Petty Holdings also operates the -- a chance to ride in race cars named for's history.
(CNN) Are we alone in the cosmos?
Might there be intelligent life elsewhere?
Scientists in steps to discovering life elsewhere in the universe over the next decade.
This year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star sun.
, NASA satellite have discovered nearly 2,000 "exoplanets,".
Many of these planetary systems are quite unlike our own solar system.
Some large planets like Jupiter closer than Mercury,.
Smaller like Earth, harder appear more abundant.
Earth in its oceans about a billion years after the planet formed.
That planets with liquid water on their surfaces life.
Life is and requires liquid water.
The "zone" a star within which water.
Any closer to the star will farther into ice.
From, there are billion Earth-like, planets in our Milky Way galaxy alone.
Of course, there of for another billion years -- mammals, which appeared 200 million years ago.
Then humans have existed for only 200,000 years.
Life that can communicate via radio with other intelligent life is less than 100 years old on Earth.
While planets that life that even humans with ears language -- is tiny.
That can use radio waves has existed on only% of the planet's history -- of.
If half dozen or so Earth-like exoplanets are, the odds are about the same winning lottery with one ticket.
If there are 40 planets, the odds.
Have's, there might be 1,000 planets in the Milky Way that beings.
Think about this: The chance that beings on.
Another or it might happen years in the future.
A how long capabilities.
Civilizations can broadcast also technology planet.
So the duration of the Communication Age on a planet could be short.
The average light-travel-time to a planet could be thousands of years, so unless humans evolve, we're not exchanging IMs with.
If advanced civilizations maintain their capabilities for millions of years more, the chances of communicating with them are.
But, they are likely far more sophisticated () -- so if to know they exist, simply tell us?
Has such more in extraterrestrial intelligence.
On exoplanets.
Astronomers have found signatures of organic molecules, the building blocks of life, in the interstellar space between stars.
Signatures of living on distant exoplanets atmosphere that bacteria.
NASA's James Webb Space Telescope, launched habitable.
NASA Mars was much more habitable.
Streams of water running along its surface.
Still remains and Mars.
And, moons that have water below their icy surfaces.
Life in the universe elsewhere in our own Milky Way galaxy,.
Signs of life on exoplanets orbiting nearby stars will probably be discovered in.
London It wasn't messrs and nine accomplices who sailed and cracked open dozens of boxes at London during the weekend.
But last weekend's raid of the city's jewelry district feels like taken from a movie like "" its daring and planning.
Such the trend of in cyber space went to their burglary in a way not seen in London for more than 40 years.
In 1971, bank central London thieves hauled in a lance and.
The gang haul around 30 million formed the ".")
But how are heists organized?
Ramm, a specialist at Scotland Yard, explains.
UK burglaries working-class,.
Scotland Yard never met Crown-style criminal turned the.
Garden are not a burglars began with domestic break-ins.
Many criminals commit burglaries to feed acquire long strings that they are always on.
Steal they can't sell and valuable paintings or antiques when they are not.
More specialist criminals -- who target or be very specific and only know they.
Many of those who commit crimes or run criminal enterprises combine IQs intelligence.
Skills to recognize a criminal presents itself a.
Probably the difference between any heist you and the motive.
I've never encountered any criminal who committed a high value crime just for the or it.
Often to support a certain other criminal enterprises.
Inside is one way a criminal people are able to crucial detail facilitate crime.
The Brinks MAT robbery in 1983 saw a gang escape with gold more than £28 million (around -- or $130million -- adjusting for inflation) from a London.
The Knightsbridge deposit robbery with tens of millions of pounds in cash London neighbourhood will be).
Were made possible by inside information: an angle London detectives's heist will be looking very closely.
The the raid will have been meticulous.
Target for months have time.
A weekend or a public holiday occasions time, perhaps when regular staff are away.
Sometimes the mastermind will of specific job.
Usually they will already be known to each other, perhaps worked on other.
A specialist be team to each gangs in the UK tend to come from the same ethnic group,.
Even though there is unusual find or put together crime.
Vehicles will have been obtained or their.
Equipment will have been.
Everything will have cleaned forensic traces.
They will plan CCTV and timings the attention.
They will have untraceable phones and an outside team to warn the men of any problems.
They getaway clean-up how and when of crime how to on of crime.
What criminals steal vary.
Is can quickly and easily be converted to cash, like jewellery.
The conversion of stolen goods to cash is expensive: bullion because had.
Fine paintings antiques are less desirable for criminals stealing because they are so and because the market.
A sell at auction for millions but will fetch its value from.
London detectives investigating the Hatton Garden heist will be at the of.
But police enquiries won't stop there.
They will look at every aspect the criminals to identify the weaknesses in physical the have been informed spotted and exploited.
Forensic the crime scene will.
Forensic identifying trace evidence and will look for any scrap.
CCTV footage from street inside private premises will be vehicle and cross-checked.
For information will be.
Witnesses will interviewed.
The movements of known criminals will be and sources will be tasked to report.
The details which have been stolen will be to known, both in the UK and internationally.
The detectives investigating major crimes in see them as challenge.
The criminals but they have a that a sophisticated plan and causes personal harm say.
(CNN) The commissioner-general of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency will visit the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp in Syria on Saturday,.
Commissioner-General Pierre will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp.
"is prompted for the safety and protection of Syrian civilians, agency spokesman's.
"remains and continues to of the conflict."
Krähenbühl will meet with senior Syrian officials, U.N. relief agency staff and displaced people from the camp.
Yarmouk refugee camp,, has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the group and Al-Nusra Front control of the camp.
The that the Syrian government the camp in.
Yarmouk to accommodate people displaced by the conflict is the largest refugee camp in Syria.
Estimates there were 160,000 people in the conflict began in 2011 between forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad and opposition fighters.
According to estimates.
Yarmouk has been largely cut off from aid since November 2013.
There have been reports of malnutrition and medical care.
"We will not abandon hope," said.
"We will not, to abandon would be to abandon the people of Yarmouk
(CNN) the late actor knew that watching "Furious 7" would be bittersweet.
Moviegoers said,,
"Not gonna lie, at the end of Furious 7.
The tribute to Walker was well done, one woman said on Twitter.
Just one of a people got scenes featuring Walker, who died at 40 in a car crash in 2013, before filming on "Furious 7" was completed.
To scenes, the makers of the movie used computer-generated images and even the actor's.
But it was the ending that got to moviegoers.
In "Furious 7," the producers sought to retire Walker's character,, paying homage to his role in the blockbuster "Furious" action franchise.
But they felt that killing him off might appear exploitative.
"would have refused making this movie," Wan told BuzzFeed.
The movie's makers chose to "retire character in the most elegant way,.
Their idea was to retire his lifestyle out of a sense of responsibility to his Mia, who is their child.
A the movie shows him playing the crew on -- essentially saying goodbye.
Longtime buddy reminisces about their years together, leading to a montage of scenes from the first.
The song over the montage is "See You Again," a collaboration.
Co-star Vin Diesel shared on his Facebook page, million.
Fans on Twitter a --
Man I don't care how tough or how gangsta to be
The last five minutes the movie...
(CNN) New York judge authorizing service papers.
What exactly is "service"?
Serving people industry its one guiding principle: you sue someone.
Sounds simple, right?
In theory it is.
, It turns out people don't like being sued.
It turns out that to defendants, procrastination of is.
Just you may news defendants process.
Once a defendant, that means the proceedings.
Unfortunately, defendants.
Although service this way ideal have in person, proof.
In-person service is not always possible,.
The law methods of alternate service carefully balance a notice a's to court if avoiding.
As reliable as the mail is, a reliable.
The postmen can't be trusted;.
Neither will keep them from delivering those papers.
It's no wait -- trusted.
Every one has ignored't.
Defendants are different.
One form is "nail and mail" service.
This means that you take a defendant.
Problem with defendants.
Just because a defendant stayed doesn't mean he.
Another even odder form of "" publication.
This is an almost laughable legal fiction.
If you can find a defendant a serve by publication.
Means take ad in font for a week, on the off chance Law.
Serving someone by it sounds rational than this antiquated method.
At first blush, service seems to traditional ensuring a defendant.
To serving papers doesn't mean. "
Service by paper to is hardly reliable; it's just service.
For those who are concerned that served papers will become a announcement feed, along with or be by "friends," not quite there....
While service were public service takes email.
Isn't available,, be as private email.
That's the service authorized by the court here.
For now, not lawsuits but I wouldn't rule it out.
Online may be a new frontier, but.
Most of us exist more online now in's.
Everyone has a phone or the Internet.
Not everyone has a.
Online has the tracking.
Believe me, somewhere, computer the fact that even how you you thanks for still being here by the way).
Way online is.
(The Hollywood Reporter) The cast of Twin Peaks is backing David Lynch in his standoff.
The stars have teamed for a video backing the show's campaign says the Lynch is "" among nods to the drama series.
Sherilyn Fenn Lee,, and other the video.
Some members up.
Showtime 'Shameless,' Happyish to series Lynch announced that he was exiting Showtime's revival over a salary dispute.
He originally signed on to direct but noted was "to do the script needed."
Showtime had Frost bring back the cult with Kyle MacLachlan sources telling THR the scripts had already been written.
Showtime chief on Twin Peaks' ', Showtime noted that it "continues to hold out hope" that Twin Peaks can be back with the helm.
MacLachlan is cast confirmed.
Lynch '' © The Hollywood Reporter.
(CNN) star Selena, who died 20 years ago, is coming back in a big way: with a hologram-like figure.
Billboard reports that the singer's family version of be "walking, talking," of her.
"is this something weird,",,
"something amazing.
Fans experience Selena will her technology coming out.
Years after death The technology is handled by, a Nevada-based tech company.
"detailed personalized spanning the mind,, the individual Essence will learn and" the company explained.
Is Selena the One. "
Was killed Selena remains popular, with Facebook page post.
Selena will be the first figure to use the, Quintanilla said.
"I'm excited at the fact that she will be the first ever, and that makes it even more awesome," she said.
About just her legacy continue growing. "
The family intends to expand her new music.
", aims to tour in 2018," said a statement on Selena's Facebook page.
Selena isn't the first performer to virtual.
Hologram in 2014 and a hologram performed in 2012.
Technology is a step forward, said.
"People don't realize," she told Billboard
Something we're building for,'ll 'get it.'
Fans join an Indiegogo campaign,, to launch.
The campaign, which hopes to raise $500,000, begins April 16.
The commemorative Fiesta de Flor in Corpus Christi -- which is scheduled for April 18.
(CNN) Gastrointestinal illness has gripped 100 ship, according to a report from the Centers for Disease Control.
Of the ship's 2,117 passengers, have suffered symptoms, CDC said.
The illness has also affected five of the 964-person crew.
CDC has yet to determine the ailments.
Two scheduled the ship in San Diego.
The Infinity left San Diego on March 29.
Its Mexico on April 10, according.
Celebrity has outbreak including and procedures, keeping passengers informed and taking the afflicted for testing, the agency says.
According to the Maritime Executive is the Infinity suffered 2006 and 2013.
(CNN) Five young Chinese feminists, whose detention has provoked an international outcry, may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality.
The women were detained on March 7 in three cities -- Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou -- shortly before they had on March 8.
Wang, the lawyer for one of the women,, had recommended on April 6 that prosecutors charges "order."
Wang told CNN that pursue charges the by Monday.
"We hope a arrest, the up pressure," he said.
"expect Monday we can do nothing."
The five were held on suspicion.
Wang said he didn't charge against the women.
"should constitute a crime," he said.
Group said the charge was serious jail.
"The women were doing nothing wrong,.
They were simply calling, ", China researcher at Amnesty International told CNN.
"was in line with China's own laws and policies."
Wang said had been subject to examinations during her detention well they March 31.
Two of the women are said to be in poor health.
The charges relate to the women planned for Women's Day campaigns against violence toilets.
Members of Women's had planned to hand out saying "sexual harassment" "
Day.
The detention of,, and Zheng has drawn harsh criticism.
In several cities, including Hong Kong, urge Chinese "."
Campaign uses the hashtag.
Secretary of state tweeted "."
Her comment drew a rebuke from Chinese authorities, who said's.
Human Rights Watch, said the activists were best known for their "style -- occupying public highlight long lines at donning blood-spattered wedding gowns to violence and shaving their heads to protest against barriers to higher education.
"These activists epitomize the spirit of the times.
They are confident to challenge established norms, "Wang said.
A TSA agent secretly videotaping a female, prosecutors said.
Investigation, Nashville Police in Tennessee found 33-year-old Daniel Boykin, entered the woman's home multiple times where he took videos and data.
90 videos photos of the victim on's phone.
A complaint after seeing images on his phone.
Unlawful photography,, Attorney said.
The incident happened in a TSA-only restroom and that there was no evidence public.
A TSA official worked in an administrative and public.
Assistant District Attorney Amy Hunter said this case was.
"We are confinement so that will hopefully make an impression on this defendant," said a statement.
The judge Friday "."
His sentence includes five years of probation, which will.
Was terminated last year when the investigation began.
(CNN) Those poor fish must have been wondering what the heck was happening to them.
The Parks Department has reported that a section of fiberglass was spotted off the state coast this week and has been towed into harbor.
The debris is suspected to be from the tsunami 2011.
The was found this week towed, marina.
Inside were found more than four miles later if officials' suspicions are correct -- specimens of a variety of fish found.
The Oregon Coast and Oregon Hatfield Marine inspected the debris while it was still and determined the was.
The remnants of the boat will be dried out further and landfill.
But for yellowtail jack fish, the journey is over.
Cuba All eyes are finally to play the big who so wanted nothing to do with him -- the United States in the same diplomatic.
Cuba pulled diplomatic countries insist Americas.
And for the first time, the U.S. has Cuba to join.
-- Venezuela, which falls out with Washington for dissent and supplying Havana with billions of dollars.
Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in Panama with more than 100 government officials, diplomats and artists.
But Cuba's attempts to rebrand itself as an open society stumbled Wednesday when government supporters and supporters brawled in the streets of Panama.
Cuban officials dissidents until.
With the between the U.S. and Cuba, Washington has urgent business to discuss with Havana.
"We have issues with the Cubans that do need to be solved," said Ambassador, of the U.S.
Interests Section Havana.
"The typical negotiating.
Be easy said 'We are good relations' and they say 'That's for us and for you.'
So negotiators as they have been. "
The could push forward an agreement to relations and embassies after nearly four months of negotiations.
While President Barack Obama is scheduled to meet Cuban leader said there will be opportunities for the two leaders.
Time the two heads of state met at Nelson Mandela's funeral.
Their brief handshake captured the world's attention and media.
Knew that the two countries were involved in negotiations to decades of relations.
U.S. Embassy reopen, Cuban officials said of diplomatic ties until Cuba is removed from list of countries.
"It would be difficult to explain that diplomatic relations have been Cuba listed as a state sponsor of international terrorism," said Foreign.
Cuba added to the list which includes Syria, Iran and Sudan.
The designation sanctions Cuban.
The State Department has removed for the White House de-list this week, told CNN.
Relate to whether or not a country does, "Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes said on a call with reporters.
"very as not a government terrorism."
Rhodes dialed backed on Venezuela, saying the country did not pose a threat to the United States,.
To allow to target seven officials,, Cuba has close ties to Venezuela.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro.
Chavez send Cuba thousands of economic turmoil.
In Cuba sends military advisers and trainers to Venezuela.
In Cuba's state-run media, criticism of U.S. policy towards Venezuela has overshadowed the U.S.-Cuba relations.
Castro U.S "" Venezuela the Cuban government to defend against American threats.
Its remains to be seen how Cuba will with the United.
But little doubt among the Cuban people on do.
Irbil, Iraq (CNN) ISIS claimed it controlled part of Iraq's largest oil refinery Sunday, online the of the.
The group said it launched an assault on the oil refinery late Saturday.
, ISIS said its fighters were inside the buildings, but that claim Iraqi.
CNN couldn't independently verify claim.
It wouldn't be the first time militants and forces have battled key resource that has been a target because the of the fuel.
Attack damaged oil could have a significant impact.
The refinery is 40 kilometers (25 miles) from the Iraqi city of wrested.
(CNN) Two college students are accused of gang raping a woman while on break at Florida's Beach.
Calhoun students at Troy were arrested and charged with perpetrators, according to the County, Florida, Sheriff's Office.
The Troy, Alabama Police Department found video of what appeared to be a City during the investigation into an unrelated shooting.
The video was turned over to the Bay County Sheriff's Office.
The Bay County Sheriff's Office Division has identified the victim said state law prevents the office from releasing any information about her.
She was in Panama City.
"We are not releasing her location information on victim to protect her from further trauma," said sheriff Ford.
Investigators determined the alleged rape took place from March 10 to March 12,, a and dance breakers.
A statement from Troy University confirmed the two students.
"have been placed on suspension per the university's disciplinary procedures.
Martistee, a member of the, has been removed.
And more arrests are expected, the Bay County Sheriff's Office said.
And will have their first court appearance, a deputy said.
(CNN) Getting caught napping on the job is never good.
The cargo hold of a plane to.
Alaska Airlines just on its way to Los Angeles International Airport on Monday the pilot reported hearing banging from the cargo hold.
"There could be a person there so we're going to come," he told air traffic control.
The banging in the cargo hold did come from a person and he turned out Airlines loading the luggage, the airline said.
The man told authorities.
Any danger.
The is pressurized and controlled, the airline said.
The plane was only in the air for 14 minutes.
The passengers knew something wasn't right as soon as the plane took off.
All of a sudden we heard this pounding underneath there was, Higgins told CNN affiliate KABC.
The pounding.
"At that point, we started hearing, screams for help,," Davis said.
"we notified the flight attendant that there was somebody underneath us."
As continued, a federal marshal.
"At some point the marshal kind of" said.
Yelled loud, 'We're getting ready to land on to something.' "
The emergency folks aboard Flight.
Affiliate KOMO spoke to Marty Collins, another one of the passengers.
"We into the flight we were going we'd land,,
"trucks and fire trucks surrounded."
"it's scary and,".
It's someone who could have been? "
The ramp agent appeared to be OK after the ordeal.
He was taken to an area hospital, the airline said.
Passed and was discharged.
The employee started work and his shift was p.m..
, The team lead noticed the employee was missing.
Lead called cargo employee did not receive.
Believed went home, airline's said.
Alaska Airlines said it's investigating.
A four-person team loading baggage onto the flight.
Ramp security,, according to the airline.
The flight 170 passengers and six crew members on board Monday.
(CNN) A angel with black wings appeared on the spot where Walter Scott was killed by a police officer in North Carolina.
, It's an icon of the Black Lives Matter movement.
When protesters held the a Wednesday morning rally outside North Charleston, the artwork.
Hyman grew up in the neighborhood, an unarmed black man was shot in the back several times by a white police officer on Saturday.
Hyman lives in another part of the city and couldn't stop thinking about it.
About after Scott began materials.
"really that moment.
Couldn't take it any longer, "
Hyman dug into the trash and found a piece of wood that was the perfect size.
He picked up a can of black house paint and reclaimed wood into a work of art.
Said he crafted the artwork as a way of mourning the family.
"That's all this should really be about, about the propaganda and your story," said and about his subject
"in and just the indignity of it all."
The figure painted in mourning for the family has because it's going Hyman said.
The man depicted in Hyman's piece is dressed though's when he.
Hyman said too much about figure.
People look at their own interpretations, he said.
"It's of today.
's in Charleston Ferguson, Florida,. "
After Hyman put the piece on Tuesday he got a call from a Black Lives Matter has staged.
The group asked for permission to use Hall.
Hyman happy.
Each day, protesters Hyman carries the artwork the to his home to pick it up.
"It's its own so it's to do" he said.
Photographer Joel Woodhall spotted the artwork.
Woodhall, who lives in said the artwork made him feel for ended.
"emotionally moving.
It's beautiful, he told CNN.
Time has used artwork to: He restored a local theater to its former glory.
He commemorated Martin Luther King Jr. 's birthday by painting light.
Kay, says her husband always paints the heart.
(CNN) Russian intercepted a U.S. reconnaissance plane an,.
On Tuesday, a U.S. was flying over the Baltic Sea when it was intercepted.
The Pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace of Poland.
The U.S. Russian due in close proximity to their aircraft, spokesman said.
Sputnik reported the U.S. plane the Russian according to a Defense Ministry spokesman.
Maj. said the jet flew the U.S. plane identify number.
With the U.S. European Command said the the transponder.
Wright said the Pentagon will "".
This is not the first time the U.S. has an incident involving a RC-135U and a SU-27.
A year ago, a Russian jet flew within 100 feet of a the U.S..
The Russia military.
U.S. aircraft encounter in the area Alaska.
(CNN) For four days, police say a 21-year-old quadriplegic was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia.
Is Sunday, said police Lt. John Walker.
During the week, and was reported in the area Wednesday.
The man is unable to communicate how he came to be in, Walker told reporters that the mother, whom he did not identify for CNN, left Monday morning.
"at 11 a.m., went down in, and placed the" Walker said at a news conference.
Walker told CNN transported to Presbyterian Hospital Hospital.
He suffered eye problems, dehydration and that told reporters
"This kid's fighter," Walker said during news conference.
"It's just unbelievable we found him there.
Kid's heartbreaking, mother can. "
Officials's man didn't contact his mother but an aunt reported.
When police tracked down the mother, she told them her son was with her, Walker said.
"She indicated to family members with her with her boyfriend," he said.
The boyfriend was not aware of what happened, told CNN affiliate KYW-TV.
The mother now stands charged with assault, reckless endangerment,, and false imprisonment, the station reported.
Reporters she bore clear in this case. "
Police took her into custody Sunday, and in Philadelphia hearing,.
The, told philly.com, the mother had sisters take care of him.
Two have guardianship with the hospital, police told the website.
The mother 16-year-old also taken, WPVI reported.
The mother's arrest was only the beginning of the investigation, Walker told reporters.
Authorities are learning more "how this was and what actions were taken and providing services."
(CNN) President Barack Obama says he is "committed to making sure" Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran.
The New York Times,, come from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the deal that the United States and other world powers struck with Iran.
's nuclear ambitions,, sanctions that hurt Iran.
Obama said he understands's stance that Israel is particularly vulnerable in the deal.
"But what I would say is that not only am I absolutely committed to making sure they maintain their qualitative military any potential future attacks, but what to do is to make commitments that give the neighborhood, Iran to be by by them," Obama said.
That, he said, should be "sufficient to take advantage of this opportunity to see the nuclear table," he said.
The negotiators last week from 19,000 to limit which nuclear weapons can be enriched and.
The talks over a are scheduled to continue until June.
But complained that Iran won't have to and that the country isn't trustworthy enough for the to as Obama says.
Obama said even if Iran can't be trusted, there's a case for the deal.
(CNN) One year after it was perpetrated, the kidnapping of schoolgirls by a jihadist group in Nigeria remains a crime,, destined for significant -- never seen again.
"This crime has caused outrage across the world,",, said Tuesday in marking the anniversary.
"Today reflect the pain and suffering of the victims,.
Our thoughts and prayers, and that of the Nigerian nation. "
The girls were abducted on April, in the town in northeastern from the border.
The Girls Secondary School had been closed for a month of education.
Students from several schools called.
The militants stormed the school,.
They forced the girls from their dormitories, loaded them into trucks and drove them into the forest.
Seen in a photograph they sat on in a in Islamic dress.
They were between 16 and 18 years old.
Police said kidnapped 276 girls in all.
50 to were abducted.
Those who did not, feared, raped,,.
Were stricken with grief.
The world.
A hashtag spread around the world: # BringBackOurGirls.
Malala Yousafzai, who was shot for speaking out in favor of education, sent a message.
"of you and your families in our thoughts," she wrote.
"We cannot imagine the full extent you have endured.
Please know this: We will never forget. "
One year.
Each of the girls has had a birthday in.
Is now a year older.
Nigeria's current president campaign for,,, to combat Boko Haram.
Buhari, the incoming president, has to wipe out the group.
But remains unchanged as well.
Northeastern Nigeria.
According to UNICEF, 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes because of conflict between the Nigerian military,, and Boko Haram.
Amnesty International says women continue to be abducted.
And Boko Haram continues to kill in large numbers.
Beyond that, schoolgirls gathered are still missing.
Families still.
(CNN) to charges against the mother of a quadriplegic who was Philadelphia O said.
Nyia cannot be extradited to face charges in Philadelphia until she completes treatment, said Monday.
She, she will be charged with endangering and related offenses in addition to the attempted murder said.
The took custody Sunday after Philadelphia police the woods a in Maryland.
Him Friday ", in," Philadelphia police say.
Citing health care privacy Capt.
Paul Starks was receiving treatment, said she had.
She remained in treatment Tuesday, Starks told CNN.
To, will be transported to Philadelphia once treatment is complete, he said.
For more than four days, police say,, in Cobbs Creek Park.
The was reported in the area Wednesday.
The is came to police Lt. told reporters the mother there the morning.
Starks identified the mother on Monday.
"The boyfriend down, in Montgomery County placed the" Walker said at a news conference.
Walker told CNN transported to Presbyterian Hospital treated at Children's Hospital.
Eye problems,, and a cut to his back that told reporters.
"This kid's fighter," Walker said during news conference.
"It's just unbelievable we found him there.
Kid's mother can treat someone. "
Officials of which the man became concerned didn't show up last week to contact but an aunt, Philadelphia police said.
"The Nyia replied the aunt believed victim was with," according to a police release.
When police tracked down the mother, she told them her son was with her, Walker said.
"She indicated to family members with her with her boyfriend," he said.
The boyfriend was not aware, Walker told CNN.
Walker told reporters "."
The, told philly.com, the mother had sisters take care of him.
Two, who have tried guardianship with police told the website.
's sister told police another child.
The mother's arrest was only the beginning of the investigation, Walker told reporters.
Authorities are interested in learning more "how this was cared for, and what services agencies."
(CNN) A new Kansas law banning a common abortion procedure is the first of its kind in the United States.
The law, signed by Gov.
On Tuesday bans what it describes as "dismemberment abortion" and "living unborn child and unborn child one piece at a time from the uterus."
The measure described among the most restrictive abortion laws in the country.
The law out limits when an abortion can occur, but it bans the procedure commonly used during the second trimester of pregnancy.
The law allows "necessary to protect the life of the mother," according to a statement on Brownback's website.
,, Republican, said law "at its most vulnerable stage."
Planned Parenthood Advocates of Kansas and Mid-Missouri sharply criticized the move, which it described as the latest in a series of "extreme political measures aimed at denying women access to health care and decision-making."
"Kansas is not the state this law restrictions" said.
Both sides appear prepared to take over such measures to other states -- and to court.
Carol, the president of National Right to Life, said in a statement that the Kansas law was the first of what her organization hopes "will be many."
"This law has the power to transform the landscape of abortion in the United States," she said.
Julie, CEO of Women's Center, said of the law marked a sad day for Kansas and the United States.
"This law and" she said.
"We'll continue to fight"
The mother of a man left in the woods charges Philadelphia "" Maryland police said Monday.
The took custody Sunday after Philadelphia police the woods a in Maryland.
Him Friday ", in," Philadelphia police say.
Citing health care privacy Capt.
Paul Starks was receiving treatment, said she had.
She remained in treatment Tuesday, Starks told CNN.
To, will be transported to Philadelphia once treatment is complete, he said.
For more than four days, police say,, in Cobbs Creek Park.
The was reported in the area Wednesday.
The is came to police Lt. told reporters the mother there the morning.
Starks identified the mother on Monday.
"The boyfriend down, in Montgomery County placed the" Walker said at a news conference.
Walker told CNN transported to Presbyterian Hospital treated at Children's Hospital.
Eye problems,, and a cut to his back that told reporters.
"This kid's fighter," Walker said during news conference.
"It's just unbelievable we found him there.
Kid's mother can treat someone. "
Officials of which the man became concerned didn't show up last week to contact but an aunt, Philadelphia police said.
"The Nyia replied the aunt believed victim was with," according to a police release.
When police tracked down the mother, she told them her son was with her, Walker said.
"She indicated to family members with her with her boyfriend," he said.
The boyfriend was not aware of what happened, told CNN.
She charged with recklessly endangering another person spokeswoman said.
Walker told reporters "."
The, told philly.com, the mother had sisters take care of him.
Two, who have tried guardianship with police told the website.
's sister told police another child.
The mother's arrest was only the beginning of the investigation, Walker told reporters.
Authorities are interested in learning more "how this was cared for, and what services agencies."
(CNN) What if a you for 100?
Two of challenges Chinese-born American-based Jiang put himself up about "Rejection" follow an entrepreneur child.
After his start-up was declined decided his fear of rejection head-on.
To his Proof motivational autobiography, which released this week.
, In 2012 on of the project, asked, manager () to make five donuts.
To his challenge request.
He shared and it went viral on Reddit.
Jiang were invited on talk shows and was asked to speak at events across the US.
Was even offered as project and.
That wasn't the goal of the project
"I'm really just a person trying to overcome my own fears," explained Jiang.
The help "fix my problems and now I'm helping others fix theirs," he said.
"of rejection really.
The idea.
As a child dreamed of being and has been viewed 7 times on YouTube, has found entrepreneurial dream role for the moment.
"My goal is to turn rejection into opportunity.
, If we embrace it, we can turn it into a lot more than an obstacle. "
Top tips in making - The fear of rejection holds us back a lot more than actual rejection.
By, the world usually you.
The world can seem cold, actually have a hard time saying no.
Yourself, don't be afraid.
Fail, it's you.
Rejection less a game.
Sometimes the yes.
To enough people, will say yes to you.
. Through rejections.
You use rejection.
You want to change rejection.
Rejection is sides.
Often says more rejectee and should be the judgment.
- Don't run.
Most when we want to run rejection is hurt,.
Know how to, minimize rejection.
Confident, engaging, collaborate.
To getting yes.
5 - Ask why?
When you get rejected find out why.
Then spend time to find to that.
Through learn something ask for.
Ask for an top.
A how take.
In his book helps his wife set out to get her dream job.
Instead of getting a job, she how take.
End a.
7.
By end of project, felt and the pain.
It gradually my expanded.
Become stronger and stronger.
Remember opinion.
People are who they are.
A lot of people will reject their mood their and you are.
Stand confidently.
Innate.
More than 25,000 people,, have fought Ebola infections.
More than have survived.
But for those who survived, life will never be the same.
The showed the world vulnerability.
It government supposed.
While largest Ebola epidemic in history there be infections by came true are still newly infected each week.
The latest Health total of 30 new confirmed cases in the week of April.
This is the lowest since May.
Reports are virus In Liberia the number of more facilities than.
In Liberia is decommissioning facilities.
In Guinea, of deaths April seven were identified as Ebola post-mortem and there were reports of 21 unsafe burials.
"Taken together these data indicate that is improving, source of" the WHO report.
(CNN) married from reality show "19 Kids and Counting.
Jill Duggar gave birth Monday and David.
Posted the new family.
The baby was a due date by more than a week.
Dillard, who is a student midwife, said she gave herself due and was prepared for the wait.
"I have told myself, 'First-time moms a week and a".
"When are you going baby? '
The baby will come when. "
Dillard has a with her.
And their lives have been well-documented on's wedding on June 21.
CNN scene "Make Ducklings" Tuesday Washington.
CNN correspondent photojournalist Khalil Abdallah on their way to a on L Street NW when they a brood of baby ducks stir.
Reports the mom crossed heavily patrons stopped on the sidewalk them.
"was going crazy."
One duckling tried to run to the street but caught it in time,.
The duck followed the while pedestrians street for them to safely cross.
The Washington Post reports bird family "".
(Yes, baby ducks two national news stories.)
"an extraordinary situation," Todd said.
The employee in Goldsboro may have been a hate crime, authorities said Tuesday.
Investigators are looking into the possibility, said Goldsboro police Sgt.
Sutton.
What made it a hate crime.
The victim -- Ron Lane, said was longtime the print shop -- was white,.
Lane's said he was, WNCN reported.
The suspect, Stancil, worked with Lane, but was let go in March due to poor attendance, college President Albertson said Tuesday.
Stancil walked into the shop on the third floor of,, killing, according to.
Stancil has tattoos on his face.
Investigators are looking into whether he is part of a gang.
Authorities.
Sutton said Stancil fled on a motorcycle after the shooting and highway.
Stancil to Florida, authorities know how he traveled, said.
He was arrested after Tuesday from.
Volusia County Patrol approached him on.
He had a knife, police said.
He was taken into custody without incident.
North Carolina.
A two-year school, has a 3,837 Education.
More than half the students.
The show no assaults or thefts between 2011 and 2013.
(CNN) Former Australia cricket captain and broadcaster Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84.
Benaud, from the commentary box resonated Australia's shores year he being.
"After Don Bradman, there has been no player more famous than Richie Benaud," Cricket Australia said on its website
"Benaud stood the game throughout his life as leg-spinner cricket's most famous -- -- broadcaster.
A veteran of 64 Test matches, Benaud was inducted into the Australia Hall of Fame in 1985.
While the Australian was equally revered by the cricketing public on the other side of the world BBC game British.
You were sitting in Sydney South there were "" Richie box "And Glenn McGrath dismissed for two ninety-eight runs of his."
"From our broadcasting you can't see any grass at all.
A carpet of humanity. "
"is 90% luck and 10%.
't. "
News his generated from Tony Abbott.
"To Australians Richie Benaud was cricket.
He personified its, Abbott said in a written statement.
"While many know Benaud as the voice of cricket forget that in his day with.
It was why he was so insightful as a commentator
As a player his has withstood the test of time.
He led the Australian side from 1958 / 59 to 1963 Tests as captain.
"As captain, he was first Pakistan in 1959 60.
Cricketer of 2,000 wickets.
Given the special place national, I have asked that on his funeral fly.
The condolences of the Australian to his family and friends.
Australian posted an image of on Instagram with the message: "
Sad day.
Richie.
RIP.
Former teammate Shane Warne also took to Instagram to post a touching letter to the late.
Wrote ", I've known you for close to 30 years & you were a legend on all levels & rightly so
"As, person the & to top it me a privilege to a close friend & mentor we had many wonderful times together in love & passion of leg spin bowling.
I cherish our & the times we shared over a long period of time.
Your & you made a young cricketer & leg spin bowler his way as an 18 year old, your advice along the journey meant so much!!
Cricket were the godfather of cricket will be missed.
Was born in Penrith, South Wales an era of world dominance as a player.
It was after he hung up his his legendary.
In a, cricket writer Gideon wrote was's, suiting his spontaneity.
"He was authoritative but not pedantic,, and never had something to say.
Popular to imitate him, none quite got him right. "
The BBC's Jonathan agreed.
"He was simply peerless.
Nobody else, popularity and skill said the BBC.
"to any broadcaster from any sport will point to Richie as the standard-bearer."
Australian national team coach Darren Lehmann said Benaud set "an incredibly high standard."
"The never lost under captaincy much were his attention to the game," he told cricket.com.au
"We loved listening to him commentate when in the dressing room.
He on air had turned comments.
Benaud's passing also drew messages of sympathy on social media from Australia.
Imran Khan, the former captain of Pakistan tweeted: "Saddened by the death of Richie Benaud, cricketing."
While Kumar Sangakkara, the current captain of Sri Lanka, posted: "So sad to hear about the passing of.
The great voice of cricket.
Sincerity.
British Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted: "I grew up listening to Richie's wonderful cricket commentary.
Him.
(CNN) There's an old saying which states the Cape Verde Islands are home to any other country.
Truth, a may be impossible to prove.
But factual accuracy behind the legend: the proud relationship the Atlantic island country.
Roughly 350 miles off the west coast of Africa, Cape Verde has long been,.
The Portuguese territory was once a location for the transatlantic century a Jews.
From this diverse melting pot were born the unique batuque,, funana and distinct musical styles.
Now Cape Verde is seeking the of this rich heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish.
Of, gold, diamonds conventional have fueled many African countries has alternative to.
,,
It is (for Cape Verde) to say 'our biggest is music culture,' ", an international platform for the music genre.
The economic potential acknowledged by prime minister, Jose Maria Neves, the country of culture by Mario, himself a musician.
"The future lies in create our capacity to innovate," said reference to the arts.
The creative economy and arts to name a few.
Conference on that creative sector remained a relatively small much room for improvement.
But that doesn't mean there hasn't been some promising early signs that music has the potential to play a role.
Success has been Kriol Festival.
The event, which is celebrating its seventh edition, took place in the capital city of Praia this weekend.
Artists including Esperanza Spalding have been invited to have acts from the likes of Luxembourg and, of course, Cape Verde.
According to Taveres, a mayor of Praia with festival, KJF has become spectacular in Cape Verde.
"We the music in Cape Verde, we the music," he added.
The festival has brought people from every corner. "
Drivers fare during what locals. "
A lucrative trade.
Yet to take full advantage of this bustling scene country's culture, alongside some enterprising private sector, thought the music business.
The Atlantic Music Expo, a three-year-old conference and event that seeks to help Cape Verdean artists exposure.
This year took place days before the Kriol Jazz Festival.
Delegates, local musicians and their management teams roundtables, talks of the music.
"We try and lot of journalists from around the world to see musicians from Cape Verde," said Jose Da Silva, long time manager of late songstress Evora.
Silva is the founder of the and record labels that aim to discover a new generation of Cape Verde.
That by exposing musicians to a range of industry professionals and musicians they will the to of the globe.
Not only will this help business structures require) but it will the country.
Where economic.
20% of country's GDP World Council.
Getting Cape Verde's name on world recognition its is important.
"Economically it's beneficial spend the the the would".
"it costs money."
Semba agrees with highlights the joined up and private sector actors like Silva praise.
"," is many countries. "
Noted countries Cape Verde.
(migrants from the Middle East rescued Friday in the Mediterranean Sea, the Italian Coast Guard said Saturday.
Migrants were picked up off the coast of Libya, said, Italy.
In the first three months of 2015, Italy registered more migrants, the International Organization for Migration said and sea during the first weekend of April the.
Most migrants this year come from West Africa and Syria,.
Use Libya transit.
Often bad weather and overcrowded vessels,.
Sometimes crews abandon, leaving passengers to fend for themselves.
Last year there were fewer than 50 deaths reported said.
"Hamlet
"Romeo and Juliet
"Midsummer Night's Dream."
For centuries, these three more William Shakespeare have formed history's most canon.
But now they may make room for an addition to Shakespeare's famous oeuvre.
New research indicates that "" a play published in 1728 was written a century earlier by Shakespeare with help from his friend.
The findings were published this week by two scholars who used to analyze the writings of compare it with the play.
"'was a landslide.
, Said Ryan L. Boyd, a researcher at the University of Texas at Austin.
Study co-authored by UT colleague published.
"There's very little to interpret the numbers differently."
Boyd said he and Pennebaker analyzed 33 plays by Shakespeare, nine by Fletcher and 12 by Theobald to create a "psychological signature" of each word,.
They compared and determined that the was almost entirely written,.
Only of Theobald's signature were found.
"suggesting that Theobald edits," told CNN
"But he clearly did not write it."
"," "The Lovers" is based Cardenio Don Quixote classic Cervantes.
, The play.
Theobald said he based the play on manuscripts he discovered, all written by Shakespeare.
But scholars have dismissed the play as a fake,'s work off as his own.
Shakespeare, who died in published.
Publishers "" in for the first time in years -- renewed claims by experts that Shakespeare's work.
New study by, writings.
Shakespearean scholar Brean Hammond,, praised the Texas approach.
Hammond and Pennebaker "have.
're not literary scholars (their work could be more objective than some of the studies. "
Hammond studied "" a perspective five years ago and found DNA evident in the play.
But he doubts the new research will put the matter entirely to rest.
(CNN) Kenya froze accounts linked to suspected terror supporters after militants massacred people last week at a university.
The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab, the militant group.
So far, the government has 86 accounts, but that number could go up,, a spokesman for the Interior Ministry.
The government has tracked the group, and have gone on since then.
List of suspects from parts of Nairobi and Mombasa, he said.
Kenyans mourned the victims Tuesday night at Nairobi's Park,.
Organizers unloaded 147's.
Of the fatalities,, the rest were security forces.
"I look at pictures of the people killed," said Mary,,
They were just children.
They were trying to make a better life for themselves.
Some were go to college in.
They died trying to get an education. "
147notjustanumber Kenyans used social media lives.
They shared pictures of faces full of life,.
Parents too shocked to speak after identifying bodies.
Some remain unaccounted for and relatives searches hospitals.
Kenyan authorities have not released the names of the victims.
Kenyan authorities that in Garissa attacked,'s rapid response in hours the, a source said Monday.
The actions government faced criticism for the siege lasted hours.
A spokesman for President Uhuru Kenyatta said ""
University students.
", could have been done,".
Kenya launched airstrikes Monday targeting Al-Shabaab training camps, according to a military source for last week's massacre.
"The Al-Shabaab by Kenya of that started," the source said Monday.
20 million Kenyan shillings, about $215,000, for information on Mohamed Mohamud, who allegedly organized the attack.
Mohamud Al-Shabaab by aliases, authorities said.
Al-Shabaab in violence has spread to Kenya before.
Militants attacked Nairobi's upscale Westgate Mall, leaving 67 people dead.
In Kenya country sent troops ago to battle the militants.
(CNN) Irish company Paddy Power is backtracking after tweeting "Newcastle Kop the last 20 unarmed African-American male."
The tweet, a pun on the name of home Liverpool, alluded to in the United.
Paddy Power for its publicity -- used to link to showing Liverpool ahead of match on Monday.
A Power spokesman told CNN's: "It was a joke and no offense was meant."
The tweet has since been deleted, but organization for the sacked.
In January attracted backing David Ginola's failed candidacy for the world football governing body.
The enough to back his bid.
To have any chance of unseating Sepp Blatter.
Paddy Power started the but its penchant for publicity stunts led many people to dismiss's another.
Of one spokesman've been known for some mischievous activity around the world.
This.
Is for real.
Last year generated "back if he" in relation to South.
Liverpool fifth in the table,,'s League six games left.
Young forward Raheem Sterling, who has new contract, scored a goal in the first half Joe Allen's 70th-minute strike condemned 13th-placed Newcastle to defeat.
(CNN) Malala Yousafzai's stellar career has included a Nobel Peace Prize.
Last week made it into outer space.
A NASA astrophysicist teenage education from Pakistan, was gravely wounded by a girls' school.
It took a meticulous medical response to save her life more than two years ago.
But Malala neurological powerhouse for her.
After reading her, scientist who also consults for's, decided Malala deserved to be immortalized.
The heavens.
Thousands of asteroids through the Jupiter.
Mainzer, Jet Propulsion Laboratory Asteroid in June 2010, gave her the right to name it.
My asteroids named, named to Mainzer wrote Malala.
Mainzer gave it the name Malala, 2010 ML48.
Malala asteroid sun between Mars five and half, said.
"kilometers and is very."
As a scientist, support Malala's work.
Get educations human potential
(CNN) Last month Wu was taken into custody for planning to protest International Women's Day in China.
Since then, the authorities have formally detained her activists "."
Briefly detained the activists, a prominent that called for their release, and have at of the women to medical treatment, lawyers and rest.
The fate of will April, the legal time limit "arrested," which China's legal system.
The detentions of women's rights activists take the day marks women and their struggle for equality, also come in a year in which Beijing won praise for its role in promoting women's rights.
To adopt its first and long-awaited anti-domestic violence law the National People's Congress.
This marks the 20th anniversary of the influential Conference in Beijing women's rights. "
At several years ago, a time when women in China's "" movement.
As "little sisters," even in professional settings.
As women, Wu and others fight two fronts against overt rights violations and that to.
By two years later, young "direct-action" feminist were off and running.
They "" that attracted media, the more inclined women, and pushed consciousness.
An upbringing typical of her times.
She comes from the countryside, has changed beyond lifetimes.
The economy has soared, but her generation is confronting unhappy, unsafe foods between rich and poor.
Like many, she worries about how to milk her infant, and whether to keep her city or countryside a.
Wu and her generation are of China's development model and some want to address those.
Wu joined Yirenping nonprofit whether it is or without, and later founded the women's rights organization Women.
And is in became challenges confronting young women in China.
And her colleagues have a certain shock — "" to show the such blood-spattered protest in especially young in the country.
The government: activists epitomize the spirit of the times.
They are confident to challenge established norms responsible and want to improve.
As China prepares to mark World Conference on Women it will be harder for detaining these activists.
If released, their promoting women's rights will have become exponentially more difficult.
The women labeled at a time when authorities are increasingly paranoid about independent groups in fostering nonviolent protests known as), and
What Wu are now enduring is consistent with a broader government effort to strangle activism.
Harassed and detained an expanding,, but they have also tried to co-opt some groups by allowing them to provide services the government finds long.
This kind of "" nongovernmental — punishing may work to some of the more outspoken groups.
But ultimately the desires for change among ordinary people that make Wu and her campaigns so popular are unlikely to be answered.
The Chinese Communist Party faces a dizzying array of challenges, not with or.
(CNN) Jodi Arias was sentenced to life in prison for the 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend.
Maricopa County Judge Sherry Stephens sentenced Arias to life release after 25 years but her life behind bars.
Arias expressed remorse for her actions.
"To this day I can't believe that I was capable of doing something that terrible,".
"I'm disgusted and.
I'm horrified because of what I did and I wish there was some. "
Earlier, Alexander's sisters victim.
Alexander said's her brother life.
To remember him remember him
...
I was brutally taken from us and I can't handle it.
, She said.
Arias, was found guilty of first-degree murder in May 2013.
The jury that convicted her found Arias eligible for the death penalty.
However, that same jury was unable to reach a unanimous decision on whether she should die.
A new jury was in to decide Arias' fate, unable to reach a unanimous decision.
Second jury penalty phase of Arias' case, the death judge.
(CNN) No prostitutes.
No ifs or buts -- and that includes legal.
Justice Department, which includes the FBI, U.S.
Marshals Service, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and other agencies.
The the "a
"...
Is jurisdiction prostitutes and a number of minor and adult commercial sex slavery. "
Holder doesn't mention specific cases of federal agents prostitution in his memo.
A new policy the attorney general said he wanted "to reiterate to all department law enforcement officers are prohibited from soliciting, accepting sex."
Agents behaving badly The directive comes weeks after a Justice Department inspector general report found DEA agents in sex paid among other indiscretions.
That report,, cited light of misconduct at other Justice Department agencies.
Justice Department employees have a: group of -- part of the Department of Homeland Security -- sent to Colombia ahead of President Obama returned home amid prostitution.
That prostitute was a DEA agent, according to office.
From the ATF, Bureau or is caught suspended or fired, according to Holder's memo
(CNN) Hillary Clinton finally answered the question we've all been asking: Will she run for president in 2016?
With her is year Clinton which gender.
Win or lose, this no will have.
Just two outcomes.
Would mean a in, which is the march's.
It's the march will end there.
We'll arms ourselves on how far we've come.
We'll raise the "Mission Accomplished" banner over movement.
And call it a day.
80% of elected officials throughout the country will still be men.
Women will continue to be less than men running for office.
, Sexual as person, Clinton might try.
"But we elected a woman,.
Of it.
A loss would be.
Clinton will be blamed regardless of how brilliant her strategy is.
Would perpetuate the myth that women cannot win elections,,.
"If Clinton can win, potential female candidates"? "
Extrapolating female candidate's experiences to women in politics more broadly is always suspect.
But in the case of Clinton, it is flawed for at least two reasons.
First, Clinton is no ordinary candidate,.
She began the 2008 levels of recognition that candidates achieve, and she is more well-known today.
But enters the electoral arena years of well-publicized.
Voters, journalists and impressions of Clinton dog Iowa, debate stage a of.
Often, we treat Clinton's loss to Barack Obama in the 2008 Democratic primary as a referendum on how citizens of.
What people knew about Hillary likely shaped their views.
Widespread sexism likely not.
For decades, women who run for office have performed just as well as men.
They win elections at equal rates and.
Do voters question's?
Of course they do.
But these attitudes,, against candidates.
Is, partisan.
D in front of candidates -- not Y chromosomes in% will vote.
Rendered campaign trail less than.
'll predict the by pundits and stream, have taken hold.
Will again have to determine which incidents to address, which to ignore and to future.
I don't want to diminish the problems associated with the fact that and.
And incorporating into a broad campaign strategy male candidates won't.
But "" rally pundits court Clinton do the when it comes to presidential elections and the economy.
If Clinton wins, it will be because it was a good year for Democrats.
Loses the winning.
How does any of this really matter?
Voters amenable to electing.
Democratic nominee would face the same landscape.
The problems confronting women are just as grave regardless of who occupies the White House.
Clinton's endeavor.
The minute Clinton announced her candidacy she became the gender.
No should.
(CNN) It's a good thing -- a lucky thing -- that a bystander had the courage and mind to record the shocking video police officer, Michael Slager, killing Charleston, South Carolina.
The resulting wave of revulsion -- along with the prompt arrest on murder charges -- is a welcome and appropriate response.
But raises broad, troubling questions about how incidents take place.
To: More than 20 years ago, Congress approved a Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, signed by President Bill Clinton, that requires the data on police.
The been with about of race and policing.
't happen.
What if there was no video?
No witness come forward "
Said L. attorney for Scott.
As you can see, the initial (police) stated. "
That's putting it mildly.
Before the video came to light -- Slager reportedly said, that he fired after and that cops made medical efforts to revive.
Video, contributed to's swift arrest charges.
"When you're wrong, you're wrong," said North Charleston Mayor.
That leaves to murder charges that could -- and the rest to face a.
I'm all for having police cure for preventing or stopping excessive force.
But the problem is that we simply don't know when police killings take place or whether they cluster in particular states.
We don't know certain excessive force correlates with forms of officer training or.
Know the role played by officers or while dealing with.
These.
Of Law Enforcement about excessive force by law enforcement officers
...
Annual summary. "
Of the law ignored, a report in 1996.
Article when it comes to deadly force, accounting for the nation's 17,000. "
Reasons the law has been ignored.
Thousands of jurisdictions -- myriad cities -- a tough assignment.
Departments,, fail to killings on to the courts -- after years of proceedings.
By effort from Washington, but Congress failed to demand data with the 1994 law.
Weak the Death Reporting Act passed in 2000 renewed to coax information out of departments.
Some data by media organizations -- and discovered underscores the need for muscular mandatory enforcement of the law.
Las Vegas Review-Journal published an extensive investigation of police in Las Vegas and found 378 shootings over a 20-year period,.
In no case was an officer convicted of shooting.
In South Carolina The newspaper published an examination of 209 instances in which officers shot at suspects, and found a handful of officers were found guilty.
In South Carolina, it remains rare for an officer, Columbia.
A that black people were may guess we.
But we shouldn't.
Many lives might be saved if taxpayers were informed about?
About a potential local problem
Lawmakers to put new crimes into statute.
The budgetary impact of adding another category to police forces would be minuscule.
The social impact of, however.
That common-sense observation is being echoed by the Obama administration -- President's Task Force on Policing, created in response to protests following the killings of unarmed black men.
The recently released interim calls,, for the Justice Department to collect data.
But it -- from activists, victims' families, and Barack Obama himself the.
(CNN) Recently, Nashville prosecutors from offering.
Believe it or not, prosecutors in the past years.
The notion that in America in 2015 of deal.
Except, it happens.
Some have claimed "American" where.
Yeah, that's true.
We did.
And bad.
Isn't quite that.
Female sterilization is linked to the "eugenics" movement, which advocated that the be breeding of people with superior genes.
There is a Supreme Court case,, in which the justices ruled that a statute "imbeciles state," was constitutional.
The opinion in the case, because the Supreme Court never technically overruled it.
But Buck v. sterilization, not because.
Hate sterilization case have antiquated practice of eugenics.
Present-day plea deals involve voluntary choice of sterilization a crime, and will be punishment.
Argue that.
True.
Court struck down a law criminals, but not because it was cruel and unusual.
Instead, the law was struck down because the law was unequally applied for crimes.
Question: Is punishment unconstitutional?
The Eighth Amendment provides: "Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted."
Practically punishments are by the judiciary.
We executed people with.
Sterilization has to?
,, The constitutionality of sterilization may be analysis, because it appears that a the Constitution,, choose it.
's) judicially labeled a punishment, violating.
This is where still be plea deal.
Shocked?
't be.
We waive.
You waive your Fourth Amendment protections against search and seizure when you answer to an trunk? "
Fifth Amendment privilege try interrogation that.
Can waive, can unusual punishment, it?
Outraged because this is a step in punishment or a new frontier slippery slope in the world of?
Nope.
Sterilization have been around for a while as punishment for defendants all over the country, and have willingly.
Sterilization plea deals are constitutional, and we question: Why the outrage?
Why the that fired that appears?
There are really two possibilities.
First, some had no idea this until this.
The practice because of.
Of the men.
Your feelings,.
Talk about men who and doesn't sound right?
Honest of "" for a moment.
After all, for nonhomicide crimes.
If we, snip.
It. all with a modicum of bias, whether we like it or not.
Still not convinced?
This if I sterilization convicted of?
So you're ruling it out.
A high school teacher with?
Our feelings shifted to "
's.
Of course, sterilization won't prevent a sex offender from offending again, no more than sterilization will prevent a male offender from offending again.
, Somehow the notion of a male criminal somehow sits better with a female criminal.
's a unconscious unusual punishment feels less so for.
You're offended theory is now a "shocking" story, it fits.
Castration of on offering option of sterilization is?
Of justification.
A lot more men commit acts than women.
Ask domestic violence.
Are sterilization plea deals morally right?
's.
For now be constitutional, but.
Is likely to or?
To?
(CNN) is a American and veteran.
He was born in U.S..
To American law should.
The Constitution agree.
The Fourteenth Amendment declares that "All persons born... in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States."
Yet, has been denied the right to vote because the federal government insists that he is citizen.
How can it be, in the 21st century, denied rights of citizenship?
That injustice of American Samoa to the United States.
Wrong and are before the D.C.
Circuit.
Day.
Since the United States was established, the rule that those on were.
The rule the only exception the Supreme Court ever was.
The Dred Scott free African-Americans had rights that. "
Americans Constitution.
War later, the Amendment reversed the Dred Scott case.
Regarded as the worst in the Supreme Court.
But discrimination didn't end there.
In 1904, a Puerto Rican woman named Isabel.
U.S. territory, she believed herself to be a citizen.
But officials an and prevented her.
She sued, with hope for a favorable ruling.
Yet the Supreme Court.
In, for example, it permitted a ban on naturalizing the race.
, Addressing the island as Puerto Rico, justices had cited the racial inferiority of reason to treat these lands as U.S. territories.
Edward extended them hold the same constitutional rights as other Americans.
Because of racial questions. "
In the Gonzalez case, the justices agreed were aliens to immigration laws.
But they declined citizen.
"savages" and racially unfit for citizenship, they were to violate the Constitution.
As a result of the ruling, federal officials were able to deny Gonzalez and others the of rights conferred on citizens.
Lawyer told the Court, declaring that America's U.S. citizens would mean "precedents in history of which we are proud."
Those precedents,, had the American people in, the Constitution of the United States... advancing. "
, 147 years time has put an end to this.
In the past, U.S. island have become citizens.
(CNN), jurors found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on all counts in the Boston Marathon bombing.
The verdict isn't surprising.
What might be is how we prevent this violence from happening again.
Men, the take keep America and Americans safer.
Nearly 1 out of 4 people in the world are Muslim.
By 2050 will be some.
By 2070?
By Drudge Report Muslims outnumber Christians! "
Americans such more Dzhokhar Tsarnaevs?
But that's you believe, many have argued.
And that's wrong.
On the other hand, there are people who claim Islam has nothing to do with terrorism.
Which is true — and false.
Sure,, but there's a significant minority of Muslims in terrible ways, and in Islam's name.
Leads like Dzhokhar down a dangerous path requires we.
In the have little idea who to attack next this is going to's even over anymore.
This bad is going to gets better.
But it will get better.
To understand why, we have to take a stab at understanding what radicalizes Muslims belief,.
Islam has an intersection of religion and.
Islam is about also about being part of a community.
And what happens when a community under attack?
Some Muslims have turned to hell, after all.
Modern Islam tragedies.
Before my time, Soviet Muslims.
Occupied our attention.
There's brutal war on people shares with recent Chechen -- Israel's ongoing occupation of the Palestinian territories.
And the blows against Muslims don't end there.
There's war, another invasion,, strife Muslims, a besieged Gaza and West Israeli rule.
Looks to a restless Muslim.
Countless nobody do it.
Even.
Have long offered reasons for why the violence was happening,.
In her book,, argues that extremism isn't Islam.
Conclusion is wrong.
To fight extremism, we need to reform Islam.
Show Muslims is doing the opposite of what it claimed.
Rather than help Muslims, them.
A mosque hosted a delegation that shared heartbreaking stories, massacre inflicted on Muslims,.
The mosque raised collected food.
Promises were made to provide more.
But we all knew that wasn't enough.
, My confused.
Shocked.
Angry.
Our teachers: fight.
Muslim brothers.
Or they could've told us to and and.
Neither answer would have satisfied.
For us, they offered us a way.
They showed, patiently, how how to compromise, how to get things done.
A American community, they explained, could use world.
They were right.
We saw the dead-end of radicalism from afar, but we also saw, up close, how communities that turned inward found themselves,.
Media, a that world Muslim more and will see this.
Will be done by Muslims monster within.
It's happening.
Our conversation about Islam is focused on.
Islam need?
Islam causes violence?
We better if we corruption,,, lack of opportunity radicals exploit these.
We need to show the young that if they want to help violence.
To fight extremism, we need your? "
Claim to be defending us are making worse.
Their has failed.
Their is.
Caliph.
(CNN) The new emojis are here!
A new includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race, ethnicity and sexual orientation of its -- images that into when alone just won't cut it.
Is expected with's.
Is of this you ask?
For many, these images are more than.
Rather they their sexual orientation even color part of mainstream -- despite what others say.
In digital texting how themselves dozens -- if not hundreds -- of times.
Think a text image smiling.
Or of a face smiling because up until update, all emojis had.
All changed.
Emoji including.
I'm sure people will.
How?
Why?
Now that skin tones emoji also include... Santa Claus.
You may have, 2013 Santa Claus is absolutely white.
In fact,, we even see Brown Santa.
(Could that mean he's a Muslim?!
Cue from.
More.
Apple has now given gay and lesbian couple emojis, kissing their heads.
By at least one gay service on Twitter.
It's not yet clear if a person who likes same-sex emoji can be a on grounds of "religious liberty."
But it would be interesting to hear what the presidential candidates say about gay emojis. "
I conservative will claim that emojis will gay.
Is, when you diversity other minority groups.
Redheads, for example, are pretty pissed off because emojis featuring color.
In fact, a emoji that has signatures.
Even flags Apple.
Canada is overjoyed that included it.
Happy they were left out.
I Palestinian, heartening that some state, emoji.
, I feel.
Of course diverse-emoji issue is: What took so long?
How hard could it have been to add different colors to?
The company () is a step in the right direction: America's demographics are changing representations of who we are -- even emojis.
Has diversity people same-sex couples.
I'm haunted by the video of Officer Michael Slager firing at Walter Scott as his encounter -- his back turned to the officer.
What I find more disturbing is how the officer cuffs the Scott and allows him to die face-down in the dirt item next to his body.
I skeptical -- law enforcement.
If not for the video bystander, I can't help but think that this story shuttered the wall of an active investigation.
I accused video shot in the back while --.
Thank there.
It will help ensure that justice will be served in this case.
However -- the entire police body camera.
The encounter with, had no idea someone was filming him.
Would he have drawn his weapon?
Have fired?
Eight times?
Would have misrepresented the encounter on?
Not.
If body camera would be wouldn't be the -- sentence.
Body cameras are expensive,.
The massive amounts body cameras costs.
Cost we're monetary -- an inevitable civil suit.
Most What's the value of?
Certainly it's the price of some mass.
Something else at stake.
The public losing confidence in law enforcement between police point.
Police shooting captures ever increasing fear of cops.
As fear ratchets up, the tension between cops.
As tension rises, risk.
It is a cycle that could lead to chaos.
Police body cameras can help break this cycle.
Studies have shown that cops in the community act better when they.
Against cops and most importantly use-of-force.
That body cameras are only an interim solution.
The underlying problem: bias against black men we are seeing in the shooting.
When we look at see other South Carolina officer's many cops as potentially.
These may not be overtly racist cops.
They intentionally black men, but we can't pretend that black men aren't being targeted.
Across the country, we see it happening,, we're seeing it happen.
Have bias system.
Set employment screening standards cops.
To help officers recognize bias and adjust for it.
As a society, we focus on social changes needed to address disparities, -- us a racially divided nation.
But change may take generations.
London (CNN) The Pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of ISIS.
In key central and northern areas of Iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force.
And power look impressive although as the Department of Defense acknowledges it change depending on "daily fluctuations in battle."
How exactly this information?
What does it say about the fight against ISIS?
CNN asked Afzal and Royal United to give us tells about the fight.
Below is an edited version of the conversation.
: So is the tide turning is the coalition winning?
When it comes always think about the in terms of territorial gains because insurgencies their very change.
ISIS and that ISIS declared a, caliphate so any very loss of and.
) ISIS in -- it's spectacular attacks in.
Asymmetric warfare they cannot what they withdraw initiative elsewhere.
They distract attention from by gains.
Image of initiative reshaping -- what they are trying to do.
CNN: What does the map tell us about the coalition?
AA very telling.
There edges of that means is a push the Iraqi.
A push front line rather than being going behind ISIS lines up.
This warfare -- which the capabilities to project air to land on that land to command can much more.
The capability for this kind of warfare is much more high-tech than the capabilities the Iraqis have.
Those are in region, Egyptians forces have helicopters and aircraft -- very interesting that the have ISIS.
CNN: What about Ramadi?
ISIS.
AA: Ramadi has.
In ISIS...'s an area they have lots of support.
It diverts attention away from their gains.
The concept of success is hugely important to them -- it's what sustains the recruitment effort of.
Join of losers seen to be succeeding.
Above all this is a war that is being fought.
They are of course they are going and killing.
(CNN) for their debut album in the recording studio,, 25 and her sister Siham could be from their hometown of Mogadishu.
The sisters were born in the Somali but were forced to flee after war.
With their parents, the girls where teens discovered a passion for music.
To by way of Atlanta, the singing sisters with a flair are now a gearing up to unleash their Afro-pop sound to the world.
CNN caught up with -- (translation of their names "" means).
Hi, thanks for chatting with me.
What are your musical influences?
We love, -- the Spice Girls.
Used the Spice Girls.
I love new artists now I don't know if it's a... my mom -- Houston.
CNN: You are working on your debut -- how's that been?
: We've Elijah Kelley -- he's actually an actor.
He was and most recently animation. "
What he's more known for but his music.
He's an incredible producer,.
I like he was always the missing piece.
Everything.
CNN: "" how would you describe your sound?
Music with Afrobeat it's fusion.
It's pop hip hop and percussion.
Everything.
: And do you guys write the songs as well?
Siham: The album was pretty much (written) by me,.
When we signed we already had a lot of those songs already done.
Records.
:?
Siham: there's!
Iman: ""
Siham: I love song -- I is me LunchMoney; I love it.
CNN: as, you both work with the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) how did you start your humanitarian work?
We were kids we wanted to help,.
What can we do? "
We were doing some research and we called our mom and she said 'you have family over there.
There's Kenya refugee camp.'
About Dadaab refugee camp, it's a massive camp that has taken in refugees, refugees, Rwandan refugees was a conflict.
Everybody.
In the beginning (it was) advocacy about it on Facebook.
Then "" were: we started non-profit benefit concerts in Toronto and San Diego -- we singing UNHCR.
We at the Kennedy Center, the Awards in.
We platform the the do.
Fashion own socially conscious brand so called "Wish."
Women Internationally Selling Hope. "
To do a where these where goes Somalia.
CNN: So what's next for you?
: We're in the mixing process right now.
We have (tracks) to finish up the album done.
We as they and for the first single.
I don't feel like we that're generation as Somalia.
I like our dreams it's like 'not refugees anymore.'
We don't give beautiful but not.
In not really respected.
I feel like our're.
I feel like we.
Read this: Nigerian soul singer!
(CNN) Syria's civil war, there are few the of life than the Yarmouk camp on the outskirts of Damascus.
As a refugee camp for slowly years, but since 2012 has been engulfed in the Syrian conflict.
ISIS fighters stormed Yarmouk,.
By unleashing,, bombs the buildings scarred.
Death comes day and night
"I looked and,".
"I opened the door and started walking and started shouting to the neighbors.
One 'wounded didn't.
-- was martyred.
The battle for is very Syria's war,.
Palestinians.
Pro-government factions area the outside,.
The inside is held by anti-regime some Islamists.
The situation was in April 1 when ISIS stormed the rebel-held area and.
Local activist tells, ISIS has another area the district.
'the deepest of Terrified Yarmouk residents describe is only the most recent in a deadly war that is slowly grinding down Yarmouk's buildings and people.
More than live there,, the U.N. Palestinians.
I have been to Yarmouk on the same.
Factions surrounded the area and there was.
Little territorial, it taking a toll on civilians trapped in the middle.
"We have no food or water," one said,.
We eat and drink and can and.
We have nothing.
What can we do? "
Aid groups do little.
Few where aid into or civilians are allowed out.
UNRWA care for those who manage.
U.N. official to the Red Crescent runs several shelters for displaced areas.
Pierre Krahenbuhl, the UNRWA, visited acknowledged that far reaching those who need it most.
"We have to call on the world and the actors in the the situation," said.
Has done to civilians are safe inside the camp. "
Those still inside are by no means safe -- shelling, bombing and street of thirsty.
But that has not been residents' pride.
"Yarmouk camp and we are not leaving our homes," one said.
If they keep hitting us with bombs we will die. "
An elderly woman recalled her life as a Palestinian refugee.
"I fled Palestine when I was seven years old," she said.
"But I will not leave the Yarmouk camp even if I am.
Yarmouk camp is my soul.
I built it.
I carried stones on my head from laid.
Block by them on. "
Their defiance, seemingly nothing can be done to prevent.
Two sides fighting for in tough combat seeing wrecking claim.
(CNN) "" broke ratings records a sequel was up -- and this one is on NBC.
From week.
1.
"A.D.
Bible Continues, 9 p.m.
NBC in network sequel picking up Jesus' following the.
Up the follow-up to, starring and Scacchi Mary (in the role).
A.
2.
"Mad Men"., AMC We've arrived at the, "Mad Men".
Learn the fate of Don Draper and the cast.
Click on. "
3.
"American. Sunday, Anna () stars as a special Mali who is those back in the States.
To get back we discover up.
4.
"Louie" Thursday, FX
's comedy is back for a fifth season.
Will offend?
To yes.
Is Louie still dating his best friend-turned-girlfriend,?
To tune into out.
5.
The Comedians,, Josh Gad as two people starring.
It's a mockumentary about the making of
"" "
6.
"Marvel's Daredevil" Netflix's.
(CNN) For superhero fans.
Most of the Avengers now: Captain America and the rest, and few more joining the cast in the "Avengers: Age of Ultron" sequel.
But there was one character who remained a mystery:, to be played by Paul Bettany.
've only seen his in trailer.
With less than a month to go before the movie hits theaters, Marvel put the poster featuring the heroic a the comics.
Meanwhile, as Marvel fans know, Thursday was the eve of the new series "Daredevil," and after a first look at Charlie Cox's iconic red Daredevil suit went out, Marvel put.
Not to be outdone, Bryan announced's.
Had a photo.
And's new super quite, Jamie character The Thing in the movie () might look.
And he looks pretty much like The Thing but reportedly,).
(CNN) Ward kept repeating her name --.
She steadied herself against the podium, Massachusetts courtroom and occasionally paused.
Was more than her son's,, was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison.
Odin was her,.
"Odin was the family.
Odin was house.
His sisters told Judge the player.
Lloyd was 27-years-old and working for a landscaping firm when he was killed in 2013.
He played football for Boston oldest in Boston and winner of the Football League, according to the team.
His sister and cousin described him as a athlete and.
He rode miles to work.
To his's
"Odin was my best gift I (will) ever receive," his mother said.
"second of my son's life
"laid my son Odin" "
I go into my son,. "
She hear her: Ma, cook?
Ma, go.
Ma you're. '"
Ed Lloyd followed judge.
Lloyd's uncle thanked everyone who worked on the case.
His nephew, said a lot.
"To the had, the toughest thing for me is get to see have a child" Ed said.
He loved watching his nephew and his son.
"A lot of people won't from and Lloyd had," he said.
Where him was. "
Odin Lloyd?
Lloyd's sister Olivia Thibou wept as she explained what it has felt like to lose her brother.
"have been the hardest of our lives," she said she was to writer her brother's eulogy.
All great memories I have of him. "
She recalling his insistence on wearing Adidas flip-flops until the.
He was "," she said.
He would take her car out when she was starting, he shining and clean,.
Her daughter.
His murder, she said, "feels like a bad dream."
Ward told the court she constantly thinks about her son.
"I miss my baby boy so much," she said.
Has strength. "
She forgiveness
"I forgive the people that had a hand in murder," she said.
Someday. "
(CNN) in, an experiment involving patients undergoing colonoscopies.
One group received a mildly pleasurable experience at the end of the other group,.
It turns out that for whom things ended positive beginning.
The psychology of it is Happy endings matter.
Can lead to in it ends.
So taxes.
Let's just say that when it comes to taxes for the average American, "" happens).
That taxes.
That pays.
To make the even better, tax filing has gotten simple for most people, offering the dreaded.
No headaches and a to boot.
What's not to like?
There is plenty not to like when it comes to the tax system.
Laws are biased against taxes when earners, as the rate brackets are that for.
Taxes are also complex, who make of their returns, by ordinary like.
Now is the busy spending their refunds.
The dreaded happy spending for Americans.
Of short-term from some deep trends in our tax laws.
In the U.S. tax system increasingly rich have limited deductions for.
For Americans.
All of this rehashed by politicians.
Who?
Let's go to check out commercials.
One clever during the Super Bowl, -- tax revolt could have been averted free filing, which was to.
Filling out 1040s was part of what made tax for the masses for a long time -- who doesn't remember our over receipts in?
We are advertisements getting,.
We paid!
Happy ending Kahneman and others have shown can mitigate the of.
The fact is that simple tax.
Kindly offer to help out the of befuddled.
These want too.
Betting large refunds grateful taxpayers-turned-consumers will happily purchase "" the money.
On, "" of tax can finance many nice purchases.
Of course,, families off.
Real bother --.
Let fret about fairness.
(CNN) Former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez will need to keep his after being convicted of charges in the death of Odin Lloyd.
The 25-year-old faces three trials -- one criminal and two civil.
Next up is another murder trial in which he is accused of killing two men and another person near a Boston nightclub in July 2012.
Hernandez fatally shot de Abreu he fired into BMW.
Another passenger and two others were uninjured.
Not guilty at his arraignment.
The, spokesman for, said the trial had been postponed and no new date had been set.
"We expect a court date and the amended trial.
The indictments allege two counts of first-degree murder for the July 2012 shooting deaths of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado; three counts of assault with intent to murder and one count of dangerous weapon,.
The filed against Hernandez, froze $5 million.
Includes Hernandez claims.
Hernandez is being sued by a man who claims Hernandez shot him while they were in a Miami in February 2013.
Bradley claims the then-New England Patriot wounded him after the two got into a fight at a Miami club.
In later said Hernandez fired at him during a club and that "which he was not legally licensed."
He couldn't on trial.
Case.
Is the grievance filed by the NFL players union on behalf of Hernandez, a more than $40 million.
If Hernandez represented by National Football League Players Association.
Lloyd?
(CNN) Abraham Lincoln,, in a way, Illinois.
Lincoln's greatest legacies -- indivisible Midwestern.
That border shielded the land of corn from the cotton.
The entire region to the Rockies through the Mississippi River, enabling this vast basin to float their goods New.
He thus could never allow a hostile power to control in particular, or Dixie more generally.
Landmass, he insisted, "is national; and it is more" because "there is,, a national divide."
Lincoln supplemented his lesson with a claim constitutional history: "."
Make this claim, and elsewhere the point that the Constitution.
The Constitution is always the law --.
Lincoln's Union created the states, not vice versa,.
Most, Robert E. Lee Virginia first!
American Old Dominion old.
Lees govern Virginia long before the United States was born.
But,, Virginian Lincoln was an American.
His father came from Virginia,,, the family had probably lived in New England.
Himself Kentucky and young man Illinois.
These Midwestern states had undeniably been formed by the Union.
These places had begun as federal inheritance of Americans -- and federal government brought these states to life.
When young Indiana was thanks to federal governmental action.
Of land and public education drawn Kentuckians to a brighter future.
Lincoln 150 years future also involved freedom.
Old Northwest had always been, as a Northwest Ordinance U.S. Constitution.
The words of constitutional to everywhere in America borrowing Northwest.
Geography destiny.
Many in Lincoln's era embraced.
, The Supreme Court constitutional century was.
But always been a large part of America's constitutional saga.
In the election that brought him to Lincoln states did in.
John Wilkes Booth, who ended Lincoln's life years ago this week, was an a state.
So was Lincoln's nemesis on the Supreme Court, Chief Justice Roger Taney.
Pro-slavery, court dominated by's held an absolute majority of the court.
Lincoln's In era, given the fact that Republican appointees have held a majority of the court for the last 40 years, the court moderate.
Much of this moderation has come courtesy of northern Republicans on the Court -- notably,, Stevens, and New Hampshire's David Souter.
All nine of in liberal New England, Harvard, Republican appointee most to, Anthony Kennedy in northern corner of the country its for.
Which takes us back to Lincoln.
When Kennedy was a state governor, a was Lincoln Republican author iconic, Lincoln.
Today, both parties at their best Lincoln.
Jeb Bush to the better angels of our nature Rand Paul is a Kentuckian who racial.
Hillary was born an Illinois Republican.
And political who happens -- is from Illinois who knows how to give, and who to power in Lincoln's geographic coalition,.
Polk, Florida (CNN) If you drove by it, you wouldn't even know it's there.
The Bros. Center for Elephant Conservation sits on,, a nondescript country road.
Security greets you at the entrance.
After a drive, is a place.
"You can walk around and," said Feld,.
"These elephants have these large they.
It's very peaceful. "
Twenty-nine currently and 13 will by 2018, Ringling Bros. decided this year to stop traveling.
"This was a decision that our family had for quite some time," said the company.
The change comes after repeated criticism and lawsuits by animal rights groups.
Decision to, Feld said, is the different laws regulating the use of animals cities circus every year.
"You can't operate business, much if you don't to city," Feld said.
"It's a definite to to be fighting legislation there is a saying's been around for a long time: 'fight city hall.'
The case in. "
The business has been part of the family since 1967, when Irvin and Bailey.
1984 his son took.
"This is a whole family affair," he said.
"It's a family for our family elephants."
Center opened, it housed elephants.
"It was a place for elephants to retire," said.
Today, the center houses elephants of all ages.
"We have lots of elephants, meaning males and females,, elephants, so it is a great place to study," he said.
Center focused on breeding the animals.
Conservation scientist spends her lab.
"cryo-preserve sperm
"We process and extend it," Kiso said.
A bank for elephants. "
Twenty-six elephants have been born here, Feld said.
The newest group, was born at the center's barn nearly two years ago.
"We have the sustainable elephants in,".
Caring for the elephants is no small task.
Trudy Williams and her husband spend their time taking care of the animals' daily needs.
Couple hours to bathe, and feed the elephants.
"First water them, give them some treats and feed them,".
Each elephant pounds.
Twenty-one usually 10 days.
Part of the routine stretching.
"We do a few leg with them,,
"We do footwork.
All of month pedicure make sure are in good condition. "
All of this care isn't cheap.
"Each costs over $65,000, the" said.
"We're fortunate we're for profit.
We profit and we're owned family, and resources here. "
It's a price Feld said he's willing to pay to keep this species -- varieties of are alive for generations to come.
", Jurassic Park," said.
"We knew we have the opportunity to see these incredible animals."
(CNN) Arsenal kept their hopes of winning Premier League title alive by beating relegation threatened Burnley at Turf Moor.
Goal was to separate the Arsenal.
It took the north London club four points Chelsea, the two clubs play next week.
Chelsea in a are.
Arsenal start, looked to to secure -- one where they at least have a shot at winning.
, Arsenal rarely looked in any danger of of pragmatism by Coquelin, who also played a crucial role in the goal.
"been the" Arsene Wenger Coquelin to Arsenal's.
Won eight games previously young Frenchman.
"He was a player who was with us for 17 now just,".
"Sometimes you have to be patient.
Happy he has shown great strength.
Will next week's clash between Arsenal and Chelsea decide the title.
"They have games in hand," said his club title aspirations.
Keep going and that's why the win today. "
Relegation Meanwhile it was a good day for teams at the bottom of the league.
Aston Villa continued coach Tim Sherwood with a 1-0 victory over who.
Goal game matches to secure a three points Midlands club.
Another club looking over their shoulder, conceded an goal to lose 3-2 against bottom club Leicester City.
An awful day for Sunderland former Dutch international saw his team lose 4-1 at home Crystal Palace.
(CNN)
Women getting.
The the end of "Orphan's" season.
The the new list of six things.
1.
"Orphan Black" 9 p.m.
ET, Saturday, April The cloning remains one of the most critically acclaimed shows on TV, thanks to Tatiana Maslany, who has roles on the show so far, including a newly introduced clone.
Maslany told reporters this week that more scenes clones.
"We like to push the boundaries of what we're able to do and the clone scenes," she said.
Yes, you'll definitely see more complex clone this season and that to further. "
And the introduction of a group of male clones will certainly increase.
"There definitely is towards the Castor clones we get to explore them a little bit more," she said.
Fans of the show "" have a lot to look forward to when the show premieres on Saturday, and Maslany is blown away by the response to the series.
"really humbled and and their show and their knowledge and just how it changes their lives.
. "
2.
"Turn: Washington's Spies," 9 p.m.
ET Monday, AMC The series about spies in the early days of the Revolutionary War "" and a new night time slot.
Series star Jamie Bell told CNN what we can expect in the second season.
A lot more battles; we have the journey of [George] Washington getting under his skin a little bit as well.
Characters like Benedict, infamous character in American history.
Bell hopes more recognition to the Culper ring it.
"I think there should be a monument to the.
] these. "
3.
"Game of Thrones," 9 p.m.
,, The Westeros premieres the year.
On.
4.
"Justified," 10 p.m.
Tuesday, Timothy Olyphant's force as Raylan Givens comes to an end finale.
See final.
5.
Veep,,.
6.
"Nurse Jackie," 9 p.m.
From Jennifer Lopez to Amy Schumer fail, highlights and misfires from the 2015 MTV Movie Awards
2015 MTV Movie Awards: See the winners list Here are the and moments target ones and.
Best Amy Schumer opener: From "Boyhood" / joke to nearly flashing J.K. Simmons run-in group, Schumer's segment was reliably hilarious and her show (enough).
Plus monologue killed: "."
Channing Tatum doing his thing When the cast of XXL Shit Performance asked: "Why aren't you dancing?"
Channing Tatum obliged, popping a suit onstage in front of Lopez.
"," he told her.
Not.
Amy Schumer Wilson's censored moment: an exclusive clip "" was easily the funniest joke of the entire night.
Her castmates when.
Meets: "" didn't rap, nor did "Trap" a edge.
Killer?
Hell yeah.
With guitar happen again.
Charli Dolla & Tinashe invited a pop song with the abandon of a rock 'n' roll wave.
"Drop Kitty"'s time to shine.
It's only a shame she got 30 seconds to the stage.
: Amy Schumer Amber Rose just a break?
Amy.
Kevin Hart Award were little () brought his kids to accept.
As his award was bigger than the.
Awards See all Robert Downey Jr. Award: His was fine ("keep your nose clean" quip), taking a knee while he.
Misfires Schumer's was a literal misfire.
It wasn't a big deal, but the fact that an entire gag with Kimmel.
Of course, Schumer poked fun at almost immediately
""
It crazed -- or Latina when on them,.
It wasn't awful, just kinda off.
MTV cut laughing --.
Vin Diesel '' Walker Movie Awards the beat of her own drum, part of her appeal.
Halfway through her award acceptance speech, the wore off, leaving people wondering what she was trying to say.
One of those wondering where was who wrapped up by totally.
And:?
Yes.
Man touching another man's still gold in 2015.
Dwayne The Rock shouting into the camera about 2014 movie totally unnecessary.
Has to "American Sniper", "Gone Girl", "Boyhood" and "Whiplash" for almost a year now and ready.
(CNN) may be blind, but it's easy to see that "Daredevil" is a hit.
Pitch-black-dark new series first season on Netflix, the good.
Charlie is cast as blind attorney Matt Murdock, whose consumed neighborhood of a black.
, He heads a confrontation with's Wilson, a.k.a.
The Kingpin.
Two's in the form of Karen Page () (Rosario Dawson).
's.
What do critics think?
Quite with 94 reviews on Rotten Tomatoes.
"Daredevil, ''s latest offering, is a well-scripted saga that is surprisingly impressive," said's Tirdad Derakhshani.
"unexpected -- trust its fans enough to a long, drawn-out story,".
Show, Cox's as a scene.
Does Netflix "" its hands?
Milano had angry tweets Thursday there milk she while on a plane.
Milano trip with her husband described in an earlier tweet as "".
According to website regarding milk, the airport asks that need.
A blogger apparently experienced a similar issue at the airport when milk was also confiscated.
The Department carry breast milk through security allowed.
An outspoken, said the cooler was in was also confiscated.
(CNN) Cynthia Lennon, who married John Lennon when he was a struggling musician and was rose to fame, died Wednesday,,.
She was.
"Cynthia Lennon passed away today at home,, following a battle with cancer.
Her son her throughout, website says
"The family are thankful for your prayers.
Please respect their privacy at this time. "
John and Cynthia Lennon married, 1962.
The pair met at art school, where Cynthia studied an painting -- concerts that would become the Beatles.
"When I was more interested in music than he was in the art," she.
Cynthia Lennon, born Cynthia, was a stabilizing force for young John, who lost his mother when he was a teenager.
"John was always insecure," she said in having at.
His -- his wildness --, she told ClassicBands.com
"He was.
He was.
I hadn't that I was, which was 17.
I had quite a normal, life, ".
"I was attracted to him."
The two married in 1962,.
Born April.
Fame became Cynthia.
During pregnancy, "was not supposed to be about.
In wisdom or, with becoming famous, was not supposed to) girlfriend. "
She was threatened by fans and occasionally of the band's; traveled to Bangor, Wales, with the Maharishi in 1967 in't make the.
She was also 1965 George, and Lennon were with she to India in 1968.
The couple divorced, by which time John was seeing.
Cynthia Lennon married after two books about the Beatle, "."
She had surviving "Love."
The difficulties and she described she as "very scarred by life" she acknowledged the whirlwind.
The whole changed my life completely.
God knows where I would've been.
've been a three children, she told.
Life. "
She is survived by her son.
,, Died in 2013.
(CNN) The first trailer for a documentary on late singer Amy Winehouse was released Thursday.
The teaser for ",", Winehouse talking about her music career where she believed she was headed.
"always been, but I thought, 'I' or 'I'll be a singer,'" Winehouse said.
"I felt like I had coming out at the time that really me the way I know I."
Winehouse, known for her voice and numerous tattoos, struggled with alcohol during a career in which she.
She died at the age of 2011.
Her biggest hit, "," chronicled the efforts to submit.
"" "truly capture artist that she was, but also the person that most people didn't get a chance to know," said after announcing the film.
Amy Winehouse gets date fame.
"I'm to be a star other than," she says.
"I don't think I,".
I think I.
Probably go mad.
You know what?
. "
A life cut short the tragedy of Amy Winehouse an earlier look at the singer's 2013's "," the documentary has been endorsed.
It will feature "extensive archive footage and,".
The team behind the film includes Asif Kapadia, director of "" of Brazilian Formula 1 racer.
The BAFTA awards.
"The award-winning producers of Senna would Amy's" family said.
"We want this to be a tribute to her musical legacy."
U.S. release date has yet to be announced.
(CNN) Ten years ago, a County and vanished.
Since then, the Ray has become one of the most missing persons in the country.
Investigators have taken dives to the bottom dug up a grave, chased more than 300 from,, a psychic.
No one has been able to find the veteran attorney who was 59 when he disappeared.
When he went missing Friday April 15, 2005, he left a retirement.
His Cooper was found abandoned near a bridge on the River miles from his home.
County-issued were found separately -- on the river.
As far as hard evidence goes, police.
The lead they got the sighting has been identified and information that searched a hard drive.
What a case that's been
A goes missing, it's big.
To people.
People.
He was known, said Todd Matthews, director of the National Missing Person System,.
From the start, investigators have considered three possibilities: suicide or walked away.
The been suicide walk-away,, a search of his history on his home computer found searching "how to drive" and "damage to a computer."
Private, was his girlfriend the day he went missing, found near not.
Him being distant that disappearance and another law enforcement official who vanished in 1985.
Said compared Gricar's unidentified bodies since became available, but none has been a match.
If himself, sounds like something wrong change.
There's if he Googled drive.
Did he Google it?
Did it?
Was threatened?
Something and is trying to cover it up?
's not to Google. "
Former investigator in charge of the investigation for several years, that hard drive is the case.
He said still holding out hope investigators the data.
"there is something out there.
Whether it's evidence,, he said.
In all, somebody destroyed the hard drive and there was a reason.
Few solid leads and one could be contained on that drive.
Jerry Sandusky was charged with sexually abusing boys, Gricar decided not to charge.
Gricar a lack of evidence.
The intrigue in Gricar's case exploded.
Sleuths find a link between the two investigators said there was no evidence that Gricar's disappearance had anything to do with crimes.
But some have stuck to homicide, suggesting that Gricar was in Pennsylvania drug corruption.
Cyril Wecht, a forensic pathologist, said he considered a book ties to the Sandusky case and it led.
, Wecht said he idea there was evidence.
"great said
"one of of professional and in light of what be disclosed's done over the years someone to that point.
's conjecture not based on any factual knowledge. "
, Wecht said, if it was a suicide, "I don't understand how they never recovered the body."
A district attorney in County,, has a suicide theory.
He believes his colleague was killed.
Buehner doubts that,, what he considers a bungled start to the case.
"It didn't seem like there was any overall game plan of a investigation,".
"I asked them to do from couple weeks is now do -- to do looking for Ray and match IDs."
Buehner said his finding is.
"I 50-50 an optimist will happen," he said.
", maybe 1 in 10 that we find."
Fresh investigation was handed over to state the mystery has not been found.
"to chase new leads and take a fresh look at old leads and hope that something will break this case," said Centre District Attorney Parks Miller.
"of this kind of attention.
Missing persons case, he's not the only one family, but it doesn't change our dedication to the case. "
The case has gotten on national true-crime television shows, "."
So in Pennsylvania for years would be the Police Department, one assigned to juggle Gricar's case.
2014 state police, but that went missing two.
Sources close to the investigation told CNN the case,, disorganized and porous.
Evidence had been compromised.
Reports were missing.
Evidence had been.
A forensic audit of his finances.
Friends believe the damaged.
Lost faith that there will be any answers.
Asked if she thought things state the case,,
"," she said.
Declined investigators said they trouble.
"There is always a possibility that we might never have an answer," said Lt. who leads the investigation for the State Police after last year.
(CNN), the Boston Marathon terror and the lives of spectators and those.
Tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to the bombings at the race dramatic.
The punishment next week.
The.
Dzhokhar and his brother, who was killed in a shootout with police, were intent on terrorizing just Bostonians.
The were the minds of people.
The victims and those who lost their lives somber.
Relatives of 8-year-old,, and Krystle Campbell with Gov.
Charlie and Mayor Martin Walsh.
The wind Boston reported.
Boston University graduate student Lingzi Lu also two blasts to spectators near the finish line on April 15. Who were the victims?
The crowd for Wednesday's events said.
White, blue and yellow pins celebrating "Boston Day," which was created to recognize and to encourage.
Observe the day in tweeted respect # BostonDay.
Marathon historically Monday.
This year, runners will April 20.
"I will always be emotional Marathon Monday is my favorite day of the year, and will continue to be despite these tragedies," Boston told CNN.
And support for survivors and hope continues to come on this the resilience of Boston, we have for this city. "
Melanie was working just a mile from the finish line in when one.
Friends were waiting at the finish line.
They were unharmed
"It was just an overwhelming feeling and,".
Couldn't help but ask "
What's next for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev?
(CNN) The Boston Marathon is traditionally an event,.
But not in 2013, when people died a pair of bombs.
And not this year -- at least not a member of the jury.
Federal Judge Tuesday the trial phase.
That begins April 21, a day after the landmark.
"Do not attend the Marathon or any events the the the" said in court.
The judge spoke for less than 10 minutes, and stressed the seriousness of his warnings.
The Tsarnaev's trial 4 federal prosecutors called,.
Tsarnaev lawyers disputed that at the scene of the.
Tsarnaev lawyer Judy Clarke acknowledged in opening arguments that "It was him."
But argued that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev took part in the plot his brother, the bombings brother in a boat in Watertown backyard, That argument wasn't enough to sway the jury.
They convicted on all counts he faced -- weapons of mass destruction,, aiding and abetting.
A all of the charges question a appeal verdict,.
The charges.
Talking on, that the sentencing phase will last four weeks a specific timetable is the weather.
The plan is for the court to be in session four days, as long as the process takes.
Then, "
. "
What's next for Tsarnaev?
CNN Ann reported from Boston.
Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) University of Nairobi students were terrified Sunday when they heard explosions -- a, the school said.
The Kikuyu campus stampeded the halls of,, the university said.
Hundreds were injured and were taken to hospitals.
One person died, according to the school.
The panic Al-Shabaab slaughtered at a college in, Kenya.
Kenyan students have said they fear being targeted by the terrorists.
On Sunday, as many as 108 students were admitted to Hospital.
Among them students have been discharged and four, the school said.
The students at Kikuyu have been released, the university said.
Kenya authorities are at the electrical.
Repairs, the university said.
"As we mourn the unfortunate loss of the departed we are also praying for the recovery of those injured," said M.F.
Mbithi in a statement.
Called students.
Operator of the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant has given a robotic probe after moving inside one of the reactors.
Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) deployed the remote-controlled robot on Friday inside the damaged reactors that had.
It was the first time the probe had been used.
The robot, set out to collect data on and investigate of debris, stalled after moving according to a statement released by TEPCO.
A newly released report footage from a object had blocked its path and left it stranded.
TEPCO decided to connected to the device as it covered two-thirds of the planned route.
It managed to collect radiation levels in 14 of the targeted locations.
Devastating inside the damaged reactors are high and remain unsafe.
Is estimated to cost $50 billion to complete.
Called the robotic probe experiment.
Tulsa County reserve deputy fatally shot a man instead of using his Taser at Tulsa County Jail.
Video shows Deputy Robert Bates weapons on April 2 but then shooting Eric in the back with a handgun.
Bates was charged Monday.
Tuesday morning, accompanied by his attorney,, posted bail.
As he exited the jailhouse in front of cameras for did not speak.
His attorney believes the charge.
Tulsa County Sheriff's Office says caught Harris a gun.
Harris ran when in for the arrest.
Authorities say his but "inadvertently" fired.
Harris' brother, Andre Harris, told CNN that he is pleased District Attorney Steve.
No type of force been used in the arrest of his brother.
Of the shooting, Harris said he that three more officers were already on top of his.
That should have been enough to arrest him, he said.
"It was a situation where I didn't think a Taser should even be used," Harris said.
, Bates' attorney, has said the shooting was "excusable."
Efforts to defend Bates and other deputies involved in the arrest have sparked a mounting chorus of criticism.
Harris' relatives are demanding an investigation of what.
They're also questioning why Bates as a deputy -- the scene in sting.
Representing the Harris family, said Bates paid cop in time.
Officer for the 1960s, had been with 300 community policing to.
He was also Tulsa County, $Sheriff Stanley Glanz.
The sheriff's said he has not seen any field training.
"We're holding up all at this point," Harris said.
Served can get in this situation. "
How gun for Taser?
In a statement released Tuesday, Eric family said there are many good deputies working in Tulsa County.
"However the treatment of Eric April clearly shows that" the statement said.
The family said that the sheriff has apologized has indication.
(CNN) There's a booming market in Hong Kong, but it's not for fake Apple Watches,.
Instead, tins of cookies.
Tourists and locals line hours to get their hands on Jenny's cookies --.
Its popularity has, the store has signs warning against buying cookies.
The shop, located in one of the city's main shopping districts, is swarming with people over for "bear cookies" as they are known across Asia.
People stand in line to resold a the bakery tries to discourage.
A few meters from long, old ladies hold up paper signs advertising for sale.
But they only reappear on street.
The frenzy in Hong Kong over the buttery treats is by no means an isolated example.
In other parts of the world, food has erupted swiftly people's hearts and stomachs,.
Are some that people spent.
Baghdad, Iraq additional Iraqi troops are being sent to reinforce fend off ISIS 'attempt to overrun Iraq's largest oil refinery, a key said Tuesday.
The reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking northern Iraq, a has facility refines used by Iraqis.
Additional troops came from Iraqi base near the city of Tikrit, according to the of Hasd Al-Shaabi militia.
An Iraqi military battalion and fighters ISIS.
ISIS launched an assault on the Baiji refinery Saturday.
By Sunday, ISIS fighters were inside the refinery, but officials denied that claim and Iraqi forces in full control.
Al-Shaabi media office said Tuesday that troops at the refinery were preparing to push ISIS out of the facility.
The attack could damages oil machinery.
The refinery is 40 kilometers (25 miles) from Tikrit.
CNN's Hamdi Alkhshali reported from Baghdad.
CNN Hanna in Atlanta.
(CNN) ISIS "" and the United States "territory" when it comes to putting down the terror group, the administration in the fight recently told CNN.
The comments, Brett in an interview, were some of the administration's strongest in describing the challenge the United States face in battling ISIS.
"This is off the charts historically," he said, referring to the more than 20,000 foreign fighters who have gone into Syria.
"Just put that into perspective: It's twice the number that went in over a 10-year period of countries."
He concluded, "We're in unchartered territory here."
McGurk just returned coalition nations Jordan.
Last week, Canada became the latest nation to conduct airstrikes against Syria.
Lists countries in the coalition.
U.S.-led Iraq and Syria extremist groups to.
McGurk did not rule out military action Iraq and Syria the increasing threat.
"We have a lot of tools to protect our national security interests, some of which are military tools," he said.
"president and our chain of command that is the right thing to do."
The United States efforts to involve Sunni groups in the fight against ISIS.
To date, that involvement has been limited as Sunni tribes see Shiite militias.
McGurk said that Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi is making tribes to in Anbar province in the coming weeks.
He stressed the importance the Iraqi in Anbar handing out more than 1,000 fighters who are to join Iraqi security forces.
"to enable they to go on the offensive in" said.
"They put out this perverse vision, and it's very attractive to young men around the world," he acknowledged.
"the foreign fighters are finding they're, and bride ISIS leaders're."
More than 500 Houthi rebels have been killed since the start of Saudi-led military operations against Yemeni fighters, a Saudi official said Saturday, according to the state-run Saudi Press Agency.
A Saudi general said Saturday the coalition airstrikes since they began on.
Ahmed Asiri aim to keep rebels southern Yemen, according to.
Clashes took place Friday near the Saudi-Yemeni border,.
Saudi forces responded to mortar rounds fired on a Saudi site.
Three Saudi were killed in the shelling, a defense official said,.
Source also confirmed Saudi soldiers were killed in the shelling.
Saturday said 385 civilians have been killed and 342 wounded.
The Organization has -- killed and wounded but militant casualties in.
Yemen has been chaos since Houthi rebels in --.
Airstrikes, people in Yemen required humanitarian assistance said Friday.
, Djibouti Ali sitting with her youngest grandchild on her lap with.
Few months, the baby girl whose to night the bombardment started.
She,, island explosions as the baby cried.
It could have been worse.
Still been in their house when the missile landed.
Our neighbor shouted, they're coming.'
We ran.
We, the missile fell right by it and.
It burned Qassim.
Qassim fled, piling three families.
Twenty-five squeezed into Bab al-Mandab Strait to Djibouti.
Bab al-Mandab is one of the busiest in the world for oil and ships.
's now crossed Yemenis in boats seeking refuge from the conflict country.
Mohamed describes the families' journey this the "."
"The women were violently ill,".
A catastrophe. "
It took them five hours to cross Djibouti, where the government is providing shelter in in.
Thousands more refugees are expected.
And her family have the been for them on the dusty outskirts of town, the collection.
Remains of everything they owned.
Her two daughters are trapped back in Yemen,.
She hasn't been able to reach them and she says unbearable.
I ask her how many days it was they left.
She looks at me and laughs, "?"
Then she goes quiet,.
She "thought she would never.
That would stay forever. "
(CNN) An explosion outside a bus station in the Nigerian city ‎ killed at least five people and injured more than a dozen others.
The explosion happened after a woman explosives-laden a bus with passengers.
The bus was heading to the central Nigerian city of away.
"an explosion just outside the killed others have been seriously injured," said Adamu Saidu, an employee at the bus station.
"Some injured have ‎ and eye out," said Saidu involved in a hospital.
The woman pretended to be going and lingered around the bus, which was waiting to fill up with passengers, according to Falalu Tasiu, a near the bus station.
"The woman kept talking and dropped her bag beside the bus, the".
"She moved towards the bus she was going to buy and.
Bag the bus on fire, killing five people and inujuring around 15 others, "said.
Although no one has claimed responsibility for the attack, Boko.
Boko Haram has in recent months been under sustained offensives from a regional alliance of Nigeria, Chad, Niger and Cameroon.
Boko Haram, which has prompted attacks on bus markets.
A former who about "" was charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at Fort Riley.
A man who knew about the bomb was charged with a felony.
John Jr. of Topeka, also known as, was,, that what he thought was a bomb, the complaint said.
The "bomb" had been put together by confidential materials, the complaint said.
Fort Riley and were in said press release.
Booker enlisted was April 7, 2014 said.
The complaint said questioned him,, "Getting ready to in is a HUGE rush.
I am nervous.
I'm die am. "
His rights and the to commit an insider attack Nidal Hassan had done at Fort Hood, the complaint said.
Hassan opened fire in in 2009, wounding 30.
Was terminated, 2014, the Criminal Investigation said.
Booker began communicating with a informant, the complaint said, and often talked about his plans in ISIS.
The informant watched ISIS videos together, the complaint said Booker talked about how he wanted to go to Iraq and turn his weapon on American soldiers the enemy.
On, Booker said ISIS wanted him to commit a bombing target would be's "The One."
"a suicide bomb is his No
He captured, all would be destroyed and he would target, the complaint said.
He made a Fort said ISIS was coming to kill American soldiers, both abroad and in the United States, the complaint said.
Booker acquired a bomb and rented a the components, the complaint said.
The plan was to build a bomb for Booker to drive it, the complaint said.
Bomb was with would, the complaint said.
On, the informants and Booker drove to was gate near Fort, the complaint said.
While was making final connections on the "bomb," the FBI arrested him said.
He was charged with one count of the Islamic State terrorist organization.
If convicted, he could face life in prison.
Alexander Blair, was taken into custody Friday.
The FBI said Blair after Booker.
Blair said he shared of Booker, knew of his plans to detonate a vehicle bomb at Fort Riley and storage, according to the complaint.
He did not contact authorities, the complaint said.
Duhok Kurdistan (CNN) refugee camp thousands of Yazidis live within one of Iraqi ISIS.
The vast majority fled the assault back.
But not escaped.
ISIS took thousands of Yazidis captive.
Men faced a choice -- convert to Islam.
Islamist militants and girls as sex slaves.
In its edition of "Dabiq," ISIS magazine, an article titled "slavery," outlines the group and guidelines.
"One should remember that the families of the kuffar () taking women as concubines is a Shariah," the article reads.
Women who have just given birth or are breastfeeding are taken -- but Hanan, 19, was neither.
"They separated us," she says.
"They dragged.
They took young.
The youngest with us was just 10.
We were crying
"They said to marry off, you will forget your family."
ISIS Enslaving, sex, girls the was held with 50 others, beaten, and fed.
Story building in Mosul she described as a slave warehouse,.
"They would line 50 of us up at a time,.
They would don't cry or beat.
The men describe the girl they wanted they would pick and choose as they pleased,.
Eventually chosen of a group of 25.
From that was a smaller group of seven taken into a house in a village.
: Yazidi raped, enslaved Two ISIS fighters guarded the door and.
"They brought in a girl who had been.
She was wearing the niqab.
They said to us you what we did to her Hanan says
And raped. "
Decided they had to try to escape.
They crawled out the bedroom window.
"jumped out, I.
To the wall to jump I saw their flashlight, she tells me
"They caught the two.
They ran, evaded capture.
They were ISIS
"see with shaking," Hanan says.
Free captive remains she has been through ISIS endure -- a death.
A Nigeria's presidency, Muhammadu Buhari told CNN's Christiane Amanpour that he plans to aggressively the nation's unrest.
Buhari said he'll "" to curbing violence in the part of Nigeria where the terrorist group Boko Haram operates.
And he his it able to thwart Nigeria's instability.
For the first time in Nigeria, the ruling party.
Buhari defeated 2 votes, according to Nigeria's National Electoral Commission.
The win comes after a long military, coups and botched democracy in Africa's most populous nation.
In an exclusive interview from Abuja he nation after a divisive campaign.
He has been elected he will turn Boko Haram "plug" in the country.
"A day are upon us," said after his win.
"The victory is that of our nation."
Earlier, phoned Buhari to.
President also offered a statement to his nation.
"I again the opportunity I was given to lead this country, I the national affairs of,".
"I promised fair.
I.
Buhari, 72, will be sworn in on May 29.
He will take the helm at a critical time as Nigeria grapples with Boko Haram, serious economic woes and corruption.
Buhari's time leading Nigeria his.
A military coup brought Buhari to power in late 1983, closing a popular Shehu.
Buhari ousted in August.
More: Who is Nigeria's Muhammadu Buhari?
His is the fourth country since he was ousted.
Buhari is from Nigeria North is with oil.
Buhari praised voters for exercising their right.
"Your vote believe future can be better than what it is today," he said.
"You voted for change and change has come."
Buhari campaigned to allay fears about military regime.
He stressed security needs government's.
His campaign was also fiercely anti-corruption.
Ran under the slogan "" his supporters were often holding to vote.
Despite, analysts say Nigeria.
One of Boko Haram has been terrorizing Nigeria as it tries to institute strict Sharia law in the country.
In the terror group has bombed hundreds of people and kidnapped school.
The presidential vote had to be postponed because of militants.
The election was secure areas controlled by Boko Haram.
The violence.
On Saturday said people were attacks, Boko Haram.
Had been criticized for not doing enough to combat Boko Haram.
, African affairs Johnson said the vote would make Nigeria feel safe.
"Many Nigerians will forget () a military leader during a dictatorship," Johnson said.
Maybe they will feel they need a military leader to address problems such as terrorism. "
Isn't the only obstacle facing the president.
The economy.
Nigeria's largest economy.
Nigeria is one of Africa's largest oil producers and a major supplier to the United States.
It hosts international oil companies and workers.
Many complain that the country's oil to the average citizen.
% of Nigerians live below the poverty line, less than a dollar a day.
Christian reported from Lagos; Yan reported Atlanta.
(CNN) Hillary Clinton's campaign-in-waiting met announces her campaign, who attended the meeting.
Soon-to-be campaign, distributed outlined what the campaign will stand for Clinton.
The campaign, the document states, is "to give every family business a path to lasting prosperity by electing Hillary Clinton the next President of the United States."
The document makes clear that the campaign will try to avoid mistakes that plagued Clinton's failed 2008 run.
"principles" memo Clinton's first campaign.
The document, according to the source,, a wide array of Clinton soon-to-be advisers.
The memo maintains that the campaign must remain humble,, something voters in others have said Clinton did in 2008.
"This campaign is about Hillary Clinton and us," reads the document obtained by CNN.
Section about the campaign principles,, "take,, and fight we can win.
This campaign states. "
"diverse views."
"When we disagree, it's.
A decision is made, we -- together, "memo
", and get to work."
The document also telegraph Clinton's campaign:. "
Clinton is planning to launch her presidential candidacy social media, according to sources.
Baghdad, Iraq (CNN) The call from Faleh, chief of the provincial council who we were meeting up with, came just as we were about to hit the the only safe province.
"has the city, it's," he says,, the neighborhoods just stormed into.
Moments the impact: An endless,, exhausted.
Cradle in blankets,, some carry, while others children clutching their hands.
Cars are not permitted to cross across the Euphrates.
The vehicles the of making their way into.
Those pile into metal carts by young used.
An elderly woman,, a down in hand.
Many don't want to talk, at least.
What they went through is painful.
One encounter describes how ISIS fighters commandeered his house.
"We heard, we see the security forces," he recalls.
The ISIS just came into the house,.
They sent a sniper to the roof.
My children. "
Wife bursts into tears --.
Another woman in surrounded by her grandchildren, starts sobbing the moment.
"They took our homes and kicked us out,".
Over the weekend ISIS moved to the north, () west of on.
ISIS had already blocked off access from the south ago and the west was contested.
The, now, not a safe exit.
In Amriyat al-Falluja, a 15-minute drive away, a wounded local fighter.
Was ISIS fighters advanced -- the bullet barely missed his heart.
"We had been warning we could see their movements,".
"we didn't hold.
We didn't leave a single didn back. "
But none.
Hours after morning speak to Essawi.
"Security collapsing in the city".
What Baghdad.
Where is Baghdad?
Al-abadi?
"we will survive,".
Amriyat regularly comes under mortars nearby.
The hospital is scarred.
The injured during these attacks.
Fifteen-year-old Mustafa has bandages on his leg, and other parts of his body.
"fell on our street, one was wounded," he explains.
"We went out to help him and one fell on us."
His friend he says.
In the next room Amal Ahmed speaks.
"I was in the garden and and" she says as tears roll down her face
And I back. "
She.
Her husband was killed in another in Anbar -- in 2003.
All youngest, broke his arm in the attack.
"I see the situation's just getting worse."
Moments later, we hear two explosions from the hospital.
Rocket attack take cover with Iraqi forces in the away.
More explosions go off.
Another shakes.
"Anyone want tea?"
Us asks, laughing
"This time, we're it."
Aref al-Janabi, radios his men to respond.
Like many others, Baghdad.
Earlier, he lines that stretches northern and western fighting positions.
He says he provides the coordinates, but so far no air strikes or reinforcements.
More explosions follow in the distance.
We're moved and leave the town, heading towards long lines.
An ambulance passes, trying to force its way through the crowds.
Of fleeing has grown in the last hours -- Essawi's dire and warning.
"Ramadi is under siege," he told,.
City have fallen. "
He have statements from officials in have been sent.
(CNN) It was Washington University rowing but danger.
Scene Lake.
The team got near the dock when a carp emerged from the water and into the boat.
Member described "The fish was flopping on my legs.
It was get it. "
Yoni, get it off! "
Thankfully, no rowers were injured during the ordeal, but the the moments afterward.
(CNN) The White House insists it doesn't need congressional approval for the nuclear deal announced this month.
But historical precedent suggests have the authority to move forward without: Getting Congress' signature the effort.
True, for congressional approval bruising amount.
It would be the deal as an agreement obtaining the consent of the legislative branch -- a diplomatic breakthrough would be far.
The President and his advisers have avoided using the term "" it would be. "
Secretary of State John Kerry: "We've been very clear.
We're not negotiating a 'legally binding plan.'
We're negotiating that capacity for enforcement. "
"Meet the Press" interfere with prerogatives. "
There is a big legal argument that will play out over issues, the challenges.
But outside of the legal debate, there are significant political questions,.
Capitol Hill -- -- to give Congress the right to review the deal and make a decision about sanctions.
On Tuesday, a deal was reached on legislation proposed by Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker that would require the Congress to review the agreement.
On Tuesday that the congressional review process, of. "
What's in the Iran bill and why?
There is good reason for Obama to avoid calling this a treaty.
Given the contentious political environment on Capitol Hill where legislators even a, the notion that would move a treaty of this importance seems dubious at best.
But there is also a history of Congress trouble treaties.
In the late 1970s, President Jimmy Carter tried for the treaties, the evidence that on defense.
Carter pushed the treaties to international peace but.
Invaded, the treaties died in the Senate.
Yet other examples environment presidents pushed for ratification of treaties that House.
Top, senators compromise reached This was another treaty that Carter to the Panama Canal of 1978.
Carter decided authority over Panama to.
This tough sell, Republican Baker for his part wouldn't even as conservative groups coordinated their Save the Panama Canal Emergency Save.
Indeed dispatched speakers to would a foothold in the region.
However, Carter countered aggressively, helping secure the vote of Sen. of by sending a letter to the senator, dispatching experts to answer the.
Senate more than the, Carter paid a political the during the fight.
President Reagan faced a similar challenge.
Of his presidency, a historic Soviet Union.
Despite excitement in the White House and the nation about Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev's the decision Reagan had the.
During a meeting the senators who treaty with Reagan.
Reagan, "The Soviets have broken every treaty they have ever signed
... How the treaty? "
Organizations meanwhile, Reagan.
Reagan responded with an aggressive effort to halt their rebellion.
A hearing on the treaty attacked Republican Jesse Helms, accused of misstatements and... misrepresentation. "
Republicans, and lobbied public to endorse.
Despite their protests, Republicans.
,, The Senate ratified the treaty.
One vote against the treaty were "."
The treaty.
The reality is that the Congress worth a American ratification brings legitimacy to a major agreement and makes it more difficult for opponents to attack in power president.
Also makes the the treaty greater in the eyes of leaders overseas.
Will especially Obama own the agreement.
The President has the right to go with this, and his Congress might create strong incentives for doing so.
Sufficient legislators to this deal would the -- would help prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear power.
The good news is that there have been statements from the White House that offer hope it recognizes the in.
(CNN) Gwyneth Paltrow,, is known for promoting health on her site.
But she's now bringing awareness to life on food stamps.
In a tweet Friday, of,, the amount a person on food stamps is each week.
The amount of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits a person can get is based on the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Plan.
It costs to buy food according to.
Paltrow will be $30 for groceries.
Her participation is part of the # FoodBankNYCChallenge.
Celebrity chef Mario Batali, a the star, and musicians for the challenge video.
The challenge urges participants to $29 for the food a person eats for seven days.
"walk in someone else's shoes" saying on City website
What our neighbors are going through "
The is an attempt on food stamp budget for,, according to the site.
The effort is in response to recent cuts to food stamps.
"Congress cut food stamps twice since 2013, and and food pantries saw an increase in visitors,".
(CNN) The Coxes living in Georgia now that their 5-year-old daughter can get the she needs.
This Cox.
Gov.
Thursday that will legalize low-THC cannabis ""
THC is marijuana.
The bill is dubbed Haleigh's Hope.
Haleigh, the face of of seizures and drugs control girl
Janea Cox said she made the move to Colorado legal,.
"She was maxed out," Cox said.
"breathing day doctors the"
10 diseases could affect Cox had heard medical marijuana help, but it wasn't.
After hearing a doctor's diagnosis that Haleigh might not live another three months, Haleigh moved to Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Haleigh began regimen four times a day and once at night.
"Every time we did the right thing, we hadn't seen her in three years," Cox said.
"she's thriving, she's healthy, she's happy and.
've some believers of cannabis oil.
Deal of, signing HB1 on Thursday opening the door for the use of cannabis to treat certain conditions.
The bill will benefit only people who suffer from chronic seizure disorders,.
To Georgia need to have a condition, such as seizures.
"For families enduring separation and patients suffering is finally over
, Georgia and their return home to much-needed care. "
For Cox, it's a blessing "home,'s -- 200-plus on her to says us know."
"but Georgia home.
Georgia. "
With medical marijuana states studying what effect the drug has on various ailments.
A handful of conditions, marijuana states such as California permit marijuana use for an array of ailments.
As states regulations, federal law: Marijuana.
Under the Controlled Substances Act, marijuana is listed on Schedule 1, meaning it has "no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse."
(CNN) Antebellum Scott caught fire on a Texas freeway Thursday.
Barnett captured fire on Interstate Dallas,.
The the bus as traffic slowed and Barnett slowly approached his vehicle.
As he drew closer to the bus, Barnett decided to stop filming because he didn't know what to expect.
"It was shocking," he said.
"I didn't know what to see.
Anyone was hurt. "
Barnett said the bus belonged to the country band.
Hillary Scott, co-lead, posted a photo of the charred bus on Instagram and noted that she, her husband, the tour manager and the driver were evacuated safely.
"Thanking safety and the safety out keep us safe," she wrote.
The told CNN the bus blew out.
It burst into flames after off.
Scott also posted an message saying that the bus's lounge Bible.
The band's Dave Haywood not on reported.
At least 12 people were killed Sunday injured in attacks on a police station in northern Sinai, authorities said.
Six people, including one civilian, were killed when a car bomb exploded near the police station in Al-Arish,, Health Ministry spokesman Hossam.
40 people were injured.
Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claimed responsibility for the attack, which came hours after another that claimed.
Earlier attack,, a sergeant were killed when their vehicle was attacked on the highway, the military said.
Two soldiers were injured and taken to a military hospital.
Beit Al-Maqdis claimed attacks against the army and police in Sinai.
A third attack Sunday in three security personnel, according to state media.
The attacks come as the military announced a reshuffle of several military positions,.
Generals military Egypt's army is spearheading the battle against insurgents in northern Sinai.
Egypt's army has been fighting a militant insurgency which has spiked of in the summer.
Police civilians killed in attacks.
Ian Lee reported from Cairo.
) Cuba that photographer Carolina Sandretto captures is a world away from the images of cars that most visitors to back home.
Instead Sandretto focuses on "," the that Cubans cohabitate, often with separate families.
"This of bringing wife and living parents 30s thought different but similar country the way it was 50 years ago," said, who is from Italy.
Following Fidel Castro's 1959 revolution, houses and apartments were redistributed throughout Cuba and the government promised that everyone would have in.
With the Cubans adapt by dividing and homes to make room.
"It ends up to be a very," said.
"Because there (are) so many different people.
A community neighbors really. "
Sandretto said she visited Cuba three years ago and was instantly hooked.
"I stayed because it's a very unique place and people are really and with," she said.
Entrance to the maze-like a constant negotiation, Sandretto said she was turned away.
"I always try to am am interested in aim of my project," she said.
30-year-old 500cm camera Sandretto way to subjects.
CNNPhotos on conversation about photography
"get curious when see someone a" she said.
I talk a lot.
I am Italian.
But not a lot 'Cuban. "
Her capture intimate of the sweltering heat around communal life surroundings.
There are no conveniences photographs.
In these solares aren't the have relatives visiting and smartphones in tow.
Instead, is being away -- dominoes one soap opera a time.
Sandretto continue changes Cuba diplomatic relations and inevitable influx arrive.
Relations could change life in Cuba's.
"People want to have access to the situation," she said.
"I hope that's what happens."
Carolina is photographer based in New York.
(CNN) In a broad bipartisan vote, the Senate on Tuesday gave final approval to a Medicare reform bill that includes a permanent ", used to ensure payments to Medicare providers keep up with inflation.
The bill,, also includes a two-year extension of's health insurance program.
Payments to Medicare has been a issue.
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch of Utah called the bill a "."
", the Senate is voting,, common reimbursement," said Sen. Ron Wyden, the Democrat.
The House approved the same bill sign.
Senate passage came cuts would since the last temporary.
Senators, including Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz of Texas, balked at the 200 billion price bill have the costs.
The and policies harm patients and doctors while adding roughly half a trillion debt, "Cruz said in a statement.
"Any deal should be include significant reforms."
That amendment was defeated, as were several others up for votes.
, House Speaker John Boehner warned the Senate not to change the bill.
"Senate passes the House-passed significant cuts to physicians'," Boehner said.
"We urge the Senate to approve the bill."
Cruz voted against the bill, Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, running for president.
(CNN) Caught in current while at Beach Roxy Walsh was some rocks something special.
Engraved with the words "Darling Joe,.
Love, the ring in the rocks clearly meant both.
But there were no other clues () to the couple.
She home Australia, to reunite the ring with its owner.
To members of her Facebook page,, to reunite Joe and Jenny with the ring.
"page down
"Hi all.
Roxy here.
Long shot love on this find Joe.
Found this ring at Finns Beach in Bali today.
It's got a family and engraved with the message 'Darling Joe,.
Love 'How amazing to find!
Please click share. "
The world.
Earlier, Joe Langley had been snorkeling in Bali when he lost had.
"in rip, the rip going to me up on the rocks".
Finger. "
The Langleys' granddaughter saw the Facebook post and made the connection.
It turns out the Langleys in Noosa from Walsh.
(CNN) Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits under a new government policy announced.
Currently parents can choose to opt out of vaccinations "conscientious objectors" receive benefits.
Under the new "no jab pay" policy, the conscientious objector will be removed starting January 2016.
"The choice by families not to immunize their children is nor should such action be supported payments," said Abbott in a joint statement with Social Services Minister Scott Morrison.
Australian government more children under the age of seven have not been vaccinated of their parents.
The number of children have not received immunization against diseases has doubled in the past decade, according to the government.
Anti-vaccination campaigns have gained traction in Western countries.
Some parents, but has been discredited.
On religious grounds said but guidelines will.
"position of that advised the government and the government.
A significant narrowing, Morrison told reporters.
He added that no organizations have made any objection to immunizations.
(CNN) the headlines this week's gathering of leaders from nearly three dozen nations A historic handshake between President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro.
First meeting Obama plans not be the.
Obama is hoping it won't be.
After all, the President has had some unhappy experiences at hemispheric summits, the headlines have less than flattering moments.
The reality is that the United States has been losing ground in this increasingly important region to a strong performance in Panama at ties who should be but who America has focused on and instability in the Middle East.
America has lost influence in Latin America to a all which have made inroads in the region.
Gathering therefore offers a chance for tide build on the potential a natural alliance strengthened Caribbean.
The foundations for a strong hemispheric bloc are there.
They need attention, and the meeting offers a good opportunity to start.
But first: Do no harm.
Diplomatic gatherings are minutely events, and the U.S., with its vast experience for high-level multilateral meetings, knows the importance of's's.
Diplomatic held the news after agents prostitutes hotel rooms in violation.
They were agent pay.
As a result, the Americans looked dumb, -- and cheap.
The President new -- was caught flat by a fast-talking anti-American president of Venezuela.
Chavez outplayed the leader of the free world, who had just to "" toward the George W. Bush.
The summit hit a depressing administration and the cameras clicked, the "Latin America," which blames the region's woes on the U.S..
Yet the Cartagena weren't just.
Lined up against Washington, which Cuba in the, would hold the was.
America was cornered.
This stands in contrast to years when President Latin America.
Then North American Free Trade Agreement and stand for something attractive to the region, democracy, free trade and economic growth.
That should time: rallying behind.
Can Obama something similar this time?
, President his new Cuba policy.
An effort to placate critics who say Obama is doing more has miscalculated with Venezuela, handing Chavez's successor, Nicolas Maduro, a stick to beat the U.S. Obama has long that the U.S. planned to.
A modest plan to impose sanctions -- has presided over his country to portray himself., something he will no doubt play up in Panama.
Memories Americans complicated the U.S. over dictators,.
But those days are behind us.
Want democracy and the rule of law -- leave a potential.
National leaders are are in in Venezuela; who criticized Argentina is in several countries; and is reaching new highs.
This suggests that if Obama plays he will have the opportunity to Latin America,, human rights, the rule of law, freedom in every country.
The fact that he met with Cuban dissidents sends a message that he is not neglecting other rights.
For the millions in Latin America that live in poverty, these freedoms can seem like a distant luxury.
(CNN) For Lt.
Colonel Schwemmer is all too familiar.
Is back doing he: training Iraqi soldiers.
Schwemmer and are on the ground in often ill-equipped government into shape.
They've, but,, they're right.
But the U.S. military isn't the only contingent in the region -- dozens of foreigners, including Americans, have volunteered to take the fight to ISIS.
, U.S. training efforts are being supplemented by who are working with Kurdish government troops in Iraq.
"Many of us do do have the skills that can be used to benefit those in the region," said a who is training Kurdish forces in Iraq.
While it is difficult to say volunteers are fighting ISIS, a militia in Syria -- told the New York Times American citizens.
Law enforcement officials say it is illegal to join a Syrian militia.
But some have set up recruitment online applications for foreign fighters with what advice on bringing body armor.
Matson, a 28-year-old former soldier from of Wisconsin, volunteered with the YPG.
He told CNN that after much searching he realized he needed to help in the battle against ISIS, expansionist.
I got in contact with and prayed about it for a month, ''
,,
"All my life I wanted to be a solider."
But foreign fighters aren't welcomed by ISIS.
The Peshmerga wing of the Kurdish Regional Government (KRG) one of the most effective counterbalances to ISIS 'expansion, said they don't want or need foreign fighters.
"The information for the the KRG they a scenarios.
Need assistance. "
Peshmerga Helgurd also told news that to join their ranks.
While not always accepted, working as military trainers to those on the ISIS.
Up North American Forces (), training he says, is providing support and training to, in northern Iraq.
"Internal capacity is by far the solution that you can put into a region that is instability conflict," he told CNN Ottawa.
"their ability to maintain stability over the long term is far of westerners are short period of time."
"significant" support forces the Iraqi regular against ISIS.
U.S. military is "confident" forces battling ISIS.
"We're confident the military mission of defeating (ISIS) by working and,, Central Command Integration Directorate, told CNN.
"The mission is no different.
And comprehensive military cooperation with regional partner who share a mutual interest in security.
Goals and to build the moderate fighters to defend.
Confident. "
With members keen to boots on the ground -- appetite for troops in what many see as a sectarian conflict that the kind that organizations like providing.
ISIS is keen to play in to create are Sunni protectors a, sending non-Arab the in role -- could play.
Bradbury downplays this risk, saying best contained in the region.
Providing backing such as logistical and training would appear, he thinks, to be the best way of supporting Arab troops.
() ideas from the bathroom.
But Gaioz Nigalidze's the loo too.
The Georgian has been banned from the Open Chess Tournament after he darting to the toilet to smartphone, which logged onto a chess analysis and Culture.
Nigalidze's opponent, Armenia, grew suspicious when Nigalidze kept bolting the restroom.
"The noticed Georgian was frequenting after during of the game, Club said.
When officials first checked, they didn't find any device on him,.
The he found the smartphone in toilet paper.
At first, Nigalidze claimed the smartphone wasn't his, the Dubai said.
But was logged on to a social media network under his account.
"They also found his analyzed in the" the chess club said.
The infraction has been reported to the International Chess Federation.
's chief,, said cheating will be suspended for repeated offense, the chess culture said.
An isolated case of cheating in chess matches.
Was the after getting help from watching the game's live broadcast and sending suggestions, the Dubai chess club said.
's includes victories in the 2013 and 2014.
MeForReal the way we present ourselves online.
See the REAL life, ones that Facebook post are part of our realities.
Favorite un-perfected # MeForReal sharing on Share.
To dish out judgmental opinions, body-hate people singer after to a past weekend,, she it.)
As a woman with a lot of experience to her detractors, she knew exactly what to say and how to say it.
When keeping her tongue in cheek while totally.
Clearly, it's troubling P! nk or her hubs Carey (who, by the way, is handsome, taste).
Not only did P!'s response rally her fans, they also started sharing their P! nk. "
: We think MORE.
Tulsa, Oklahoma (CNN) Amid growing scrutiny over whether a 73-year-old volunteer deputy who killed a suspect during a sting operation was qualified to be policing the streets, a new report raises.
The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office to forge Reserve Deputy Robert Bates' records who were reassigned to less desirable duties, the newspaper reported.
Claims the deputy had been "" after Bates killed Eric Harris on April.
Bates claims he meant to fired.
The newspaper does not say who allegedly asked the supervisors to the.
The orders apparently started '"(Bates) trying to get a deputy," told CNN's "New Day."
The Office denied the allegations in the's report.
It declined a CNN interview to respond to the claims.
In an email to CNN Shannon Clark said the lack of named sources in the newspaper's report leaves him dubious.
"keep in mind the Tulsa and claims her claims are unsubstantiated and,".
Brewster said the accusations from who's facing.
"I don't put credibility would further that report,".
Shooting volunteer police programs Sheriff other sheriff's officials have repeatedly insisted Bates was properly trained.
The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office has released Bates' training only over the past seven years.
The rejected request for the training records because Bates.
Said she supervisors who signed off on Bates records.
"Sheriff's Office has pressure applied,, would these documents," she told CNN's "New Day."
We've asked them.
They said records.
Bates was classified as an advanced reserve deputy Sheriff's Office.
That means he would have had to hours training officer program to maintain classification said.
Bates would have firearms certification.
But the sheriff himself acknowledged there is a problem with Bates' gun certification -- his't.
"Bob qualified with weapons instructor," Glanz told radio.
He said young lady was a instructor. "
She is no longer there
"She's is a Secret Service agent, told.
We're trying to get a hold of her and talk to her find the records that.
We're going to talk to find out he did. "
Opinion: Who gave this cop a gun?
Before the Tulsa story, inconsistencies were apparent in Bates' history with the Sheriff's Office.
In his statement to investigators, Bates said he "became an Reserve Deputy in 2007."
The Sheriff's Office has said Bates had been a reserve deputy since 2008.
It also said Bates had undergone 300 hours of training.
Less than hours of training required "" Bates claimed.
In a statement he made to investigators after the shooting said he qualified at autumn.
He said he attended "schools and related to investigations and operations with the" training Arizona's Sheriff's Office.
But an Arizona official told CNN Bates never trained with the agency.
"He didn't" the official Maricopa County Sheriff said, "he didn't."
Brewster said Bates' seminar in Washington Maricopa County.
The was extensive training Bates received the the field, he said.
"He met every regimen,".
"He and all he did was give."
Bates charged with second-degree death.
He turned himself in to authorities Tuesday and posted bail of $25,000.
His attorney has said the death an "excusable homicide."
The Harris family be on the force received friend of the -- officials saying they stand by training.
Police Sgt.
Clark, who has been brought in to review the case, has said Bates fell "" to "slip capture" to else.
It's that hasn't convinced of calls for an independent investigation into the Sheriff's Office and the case are growing.
, The spokesman rejected of outside investigators.
We're not scared own
...
".
"You know that analogy that you?
In law enforcement.
If a cop, than media. "
A spokesman for General Scott the case monitor, if any,. "
Glanz stated he's reached FBI.
's FBI.
How to gun for a Taser?
CNN's Ed Lavandera reported from Tulsa.
CNN's Holly Yan and reported from Atlanta.
) A New Jersey auction house has removed items April 17 from the public.
The items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans to World War II internment camps.
Change.org petition "George Takei items from sale
Is to be had about the sale of items that are a's.
It is legal.
Is galleries and are faced with the auction said.
"We hope controversy this issue."
Takei spent time in one of the camps working to stop the sale.
According to a comment on the Facebook page "," he was to Australia.
"It took today here in the wee hours issuing celebrate today at," he wrote.
The house 24 lots of of works of art and crafts were removed.
During World War II, about people of Japanese descent were camps.
The called them relocation centers.
Many people their descendants phrase facilities.
They call them concentration camps.
The were ordered native U.S. citizens, according to the National Archives.
CNN affiliate items were given to historian Allen Eaton,.
The items were inherited from the historian's estate.
Miriam, auction house, said it had hoped the items would go to someone who cared about their historical meaning.
"could be no better resolution than museum community the to preserve come forward said.
KGO reported the would returned to family members and put in an exhibition.
"This gift let the gift come full circle," said Judy with the San Francisco Chapter of the American Citizens League.
To a letter sent to the auction house.
Returned gift. "
For now, said auction house partner David Rago in an email.
"Once the auction lots in we will work with a who have identified through process informed" he wrote.
He said a institution the auction house will work with the current owner to find the right place.
Known in the auction the consignor has never been in position where the items could be, Rago said.
(CNN) Sterling's racist remarks cost him last year.
But his former female companion has lost big.
A Los Angeles judge has ordered Stiviano to pay more than $2.6 million in gifts after Sterling's wife sued.
In the lawsuit, Rochelle Sterling accused Stiviano of wealthy.
Sterling used Stiviano, and and he get million.
Stiviano?
Nothing wrong with Donald Sterling that she the Los Angeles.
Shelly Sterling was thrilled with the court decision Tuesday, her lawyer.
"This is a victory for family in recovering $2,630,000 lavished on a conniving mistress,"'Donnell said in a statement.
It also sets a precedent that can recover damages from the gifts. "
Stiviano gifts from Donald Sterling include uber-expensive items.
According to the Los Angeles Times,, a $and a $thong.
Donald Sterling's after an audio recording surfaced of the octogenarian arguing with Stiviano.
In the tape, Sterling chastises pictures on social media of her posing with African-Americans, including.
"* Instagrams to have with -- walking Sterling said in the audio by TMZ.
He also tells Stiviano not to bring and not to post photos with the Hall of Famer so Sterling's friends can see.
", bring him here,, * him but don't (Magic) Instagram for the world see so to call," Sterling said.
Banned Sterling pushed charge of.
(CNN) NBA player Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his leg injury when he was leaving New York.
Atlanta Hawks described "" "
Sefolosha and teammate Pero Antic were arrested near the scene of the stabbing of Copeland women April 8.
Police said Sefolosha were not involved in the incident, but they were charged with disorderly conduct and obstructing governmental administration.
That shows a group of police officers arresting taking him to the ground.
It shows an getting out extending near him but what caused the injury is not clear in the video.
Officers.
Police Department Sgt.
That is Internal Affairs would not comment.
Internal Affairs.
The Hawks undergo surgery and will miss the rest of the season,,.
The Hawks enter as the top seed in the NBA Eastern Conference.
In in his NBA season his first.
He averaged 5.3 points per game this season.
"I am extremely disappointed that I will not be able to join my teammates on the court during the playoffs and apologize to them for any this," said in his statement.
"step in rehabilitation
On of counsel I hope you appreciate discuss the case.
Those questions will be answered by my attorney in a court of law.
I will say that I am in great significant and the injury. "
Coach said in a statement our support will be with him during his recovery.
We know and will serve him well in his rehabilitation.
Our team remains focused and will be prepared as we head into the postseason. "
Antic, a 31-year-old,, missed the game since then.
A joint and Antic said the charges.
According to the Pacers, Copeland underwent surgery on his abdomen and stab wounds.
Released after, according to Bleacher Report.
The Pacers, with one regular-season game left, are trying to secure spot in the playoffs.
Atlanta.
From, snowiest to sunny in April, jurors in the trial of former NFL star Aaron Hernandez have considered how athlete came to take the life of his onetime friend and future.
The jury of five men listened to more than 130 witnesses and reviewed more than 400 pieces of evidence over the months-long trial.
On Wednesday, they convicted life in prison after deliberating more than 35 hours over parts of seven days.
After the jurors agreed to meet with reporters, while shedding light on what the process.
Things to know about what they said While declining to discuss specifics in the room, jurors said they came away satisfied with their decision.
"It's a very big and every one of us... made sure we came to the best conclusion," one juror told reporters.
At one point on Monday, jurors asked Judge Susan to allow breaks,.
Observers thought weeks of deliberations.
A male juror said some members meticulously filled four as they listened to testimony.
"It was for everyone," said on the jury.
"."
, She told a reporter, "."
"It's the hardest thing I've ever done," she the.
"Absolutely, by far."
Asked whether they to, one said simply, "Nothing."
Others in apparent agreement.
About the 25-year-old
"For, 'Keep your mind,'" said.
"We went in with open minds.
We listened to.
We heard what they had to say.
We got into all the evidence came to. "
Did they know anything about or the case before the trial?
One responded: "Nothing."
"," said another.
Six jurors asked was a Patriots fan.
Hernandez's other legal woes Garsh they reached a verdict.
Hernandez faces three trials, one criminal.
Next up is another murder trial in which he is accused of killing two men and another person near a Boston nightclub in July 2012.
Hernandez fatally shot de Abreu he fired into BMW.
Another passenger and two others were uninjured.
Hernandez pleaded not guilty.
The filed against Hernandez, froze $5 million.
Includes Hernandez claims.
Hernandez is also being sued by a man who claims Hernandez shot him while they were in a Miami in February 2013.
Claims Hernandez wounded him after got into a fight at strip club
"It's amazing we learned today," a juror said Wednesday.
"I think we can say we made the right decision."
Some jurors admitted not knowing who Kraft was when he took the stand at the trial.
Agreed Kraft's testimony.
Testified that Hernandez proclaimed his innocence told "that the time of murder came out because he said he was."
"this went through and two years later know the exact time of,".
"I don't know how Aaron would have had that information."
Another struck emotional testimony of Lloyd's family.
"For me, it was -- pictures," said of autopsy photos body.
"to be unemotional and to back tears was."
Said his time on the case made him appreciate how it can. "
The justice system can work
"The system is fair," he said.
. "
The jurors find team's co-defendants Wallace and Carlos Ortiz --.
The two pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately.
In arguments, defense lawyer James Sultan for the first time placed Hernandez at the murder scene.
Described Ortiz on as capable.
"Did he make all the right decisions?
"said of Hernandez.
He was a 23-year-old kid who witnessed something,.
He didn't know put.
, He's not after the fact
...
He's charged with murder... he did. "
"We were all shocked about that," a female told reporters.
"It was very surprising," said another.
Fame or the possibility of their role in the sensational case, a female juror smiled.
"None of us wanted to come into this room," she told reporters.
The jurors said to sleep.
"After a," one added.
(CNN) in jail in Iran for months.
The chief was arrested in July on allegations.
It took more than four months to hear charges.
They remained undisclosed until last week.
The Iranian-American will be tried soon on espionage, Tehran's said.
He is accused of spying, the Post reported, citing Iranian state media.
The Washington Post did not mince words on the allegation.
"charges of that sort would be absurd the" said in a statement.
The State Department also reacted with term "absurd" after hearing of reports in Iran about the charges.
"If the reports are true, these charges are absurd that return to his family," the State Department said.
Officers picked up Salehi on July 22 at their home,, and for his release.
Salehi was on bail.
Rezaian was denied bail.
For months, he was denied access to proper legal representation, his family has said.
Muhammad Ali, also an American Muslim, appealed to Tehran last month to give Rezaian to legal representation him.
", Jason is and man the Iranian, said in a religiously worded statement.
Has also been allowed to see his interrogations, family members have said.
After hearing Rezaian signed charges against him, reported.
Iran's chief,, told news that he hoped come to a positive conclusion.
, "Let us hope this fiasco will end."
(CNN) a simultaneous is getting attention of al Qaeda.
Message, al Qaeda confirmed two of its leaders, known as Farooq, were border.
Farooq was Raja Mohammad Suleman, al Qaeda said.
Pakistani who acted's Taliban was the deputy commander of al Qaeda.
(name Qari Ubaidullah, a Pakistani who oversaw suicide missions against U.S. troops in Afghanistan).
Al Qaeda's South Asia branch is relatively new, announced with some fanfare back in September by al Qaeda's top leader Ayman al-Zawahiri.
The's was seen to limelight al Qaeda leadership movement.
The deaths of two men continue the decimation of al Qaeda's bench.
In the southern Pakistani city of Karachi, al Qaeda commander Hassan was killed in a raid, said Arif general.
Florida-raised Shukrijumah,, who was in charge of al Qaeda's operations to attack the West, was killed in a Pakistani military operation.
Mohanad, who also played a planning role for al Qaeda was arrested in Pakistan.
The deaths of Ubaidullah and Suleman underline the fact.
Ubaidullah were Pakistani.
Al Qaeda has largely do nothing of any significance outside Pakistan.
Indeed, al Qaeda attacks in the West.
Al Qaeda was transportation bombings a decade ago.
Al Qaeda is now holding American hostages such as 73-year-old aid worker, who was kidnapped from his home in the Pakistani city of Lahore on August 13.
Al Qaeda affiliate in the Arabian Peninsula, continues to pose a threat to American aviation.
The group has bombs which placed.
Those bombs.
Trained the gunmen who attacked,, but it's not clear if AQAP had any direct role in planning this attack.
Meanwhile ISIS continues to attract Western recruits "" in the West, the al Qaeda organization killed is on life support.
(CNN) The U.N. Security Council voted Tuesday in favor of an embargo on Houthis -- the minority of former President Ali Abdullah Saleh.
The resolution "raises the cost" for the Houthis, according to Grant, to.
Arms it that the back from includes sanctions aimed at the spread of terrorism, according.
Russia, saying.
, Saudi Arabia conducting airstrikes on targets Yemen's force.
, Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and Saudi military to discuss the major maneuver, Egypt's state-run news agency reported.
Egypt announced it would dispatch naval help.
In response, said no troops have been sent to Yemen.
The Houthis forced President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January Hadi is working with other allies to return.
Those allied have accused the Iranian government of supporting Yemen.
Ambassador to the United Nations Abdulla Bahah, who "."
CNN's Richard and Dominique reported from CNN's.
Girl from Cape Town receiving information was leaving the country, Minister Mahlobo said.
"We are conducting further investigation.
The girl been using technology on interacting with strange people suggested a terrorist group, he told broadcaster eNCA.
Police located the girl on a Johannesburg-bound flight and "we got.
We got her at Cape Town Airport, Mahlobo said.
Accused the girl was recruited, he said.
Officials released the Mahlobo said.
Of people to take part in acts of terror is global concern and local law enforcement will continue to work hard minister said in a statement.
(CNN) Eleven channels the French-language television network TV5Monde went black late Wednesday due to "cyberattack," the director said.
In addition to its channels TV5Monde also temporarily lost control websites, said in a video message posted later.
On mobile site, which was still active the network said it was "an Islamist group."
ISIS and markings could be seen on some social media accounts.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility.
The outage began around 10 p.m. (
ET) and more than five hours.
France's Ministry of Communications,, that reaches homes worldwide.
A partnership that consists of Wallonia-Brussels.
(CNN) Knight was ordered Thursday to stand trial from the movie set "" earlier this year.
To, Judge Ronald also lowered Knight's bail to $10 million from $25 million,.
The judge also dismissed two counts of hit-and-run against Knight.
In all, Knight will stand trial on one count of murder, one count of attempted murder and one count of hit-and-run, the judge ruled after holding a two-day preliminary hearing this week ended Thursday.
Knight, 49, faces life in prison if convicted.
Knight suffers blot, has him in court last month after of $25 and was taken to hospital for treatment.
Knight was in court Thursday.
At the hearing, fiancee him the courtroom.
In the hearing, fiancee said Knight "."
The judge dismissed the law says more than one charge of hit-and-run should be brought against the same weapon, in this case the vehicle Knight against several people.
Knight is accused of running over two men, killing one, during an argument.
Killed was Terry Carter, 55.
The is Cle Sloan, 51, who week declined to identify Knight as his attacker because Sloan doesn't want to "snitch" to prison, according to CNN affiliates KTLA.
Immunity but refused on Monday, the reported.
The incident happened on January 29 on Compton.
The alleged argument spilled over the Compton.
Knight was out on bail in a separate robbery.
The hit-and-run was captured and shows Knight inside a truck.
In the video, the truck pulls into the Compton restaurant, and he is then approached,.
The two appear to talk for a few moments, with vehicle.
Suddenly, the vehicle backs up,.
While still in reverse, the truck moves out of range of the security camera.
The vehicle is seen,, a second time running over a man, Carter, owner.
Later died.
In arguments, Knight's attorney argued that the victim.
Knight against Sloan, the defense attorney accused time.
"is the initial aggressor," attorney argued.
"There's no intent to kill, there's an intent to survive."
"Even without a gun, we know Sloan was to attack in broad daylight,".
Fletcher added that defense was to stand his ground.
"needed immunity because he was the,".
"He is the person who got killed."
Attorney Cynthia Barnes argued,, told the judge that Knight was car weapon.
If Knight "had the right of self-defense he backed-up Mr. ran-over the self-defense,.
Was pre-mediation and intent (Knight) ran over him a second time.
Knight is scheduled to be arraigned on April 30.
The incident is with Knight who in 1991 () and Tupac Shakur.
Knight was driving passenger when the rapper was shot in Las Vegas in 1996.
Shortly afterward, Knight spent several years in prison for and.
Along with Shakur's death, Knight and a number of desertions -- in 2006.
(CNN) Robert Bates says he wonder how cop.
The Tulsa County, Oklahoma reserve sheriff accused of manslaughter in the death of a suspect -- told NBC's "Today" show that he that, too.
"," told the April 2 death of Eric Harris "."
After Bates shot him -- accidentally, he "Taser!
Taser "
In a captured on police body camera.
Investigators that mistook firearm for stun gun.
How a Taser?
Center over Harris' death, scrutiny.
The wants involved in Harris, state and federal the Sheriff's Office.
The sheriff's office also fending off allegations that supervisors were told to forge Bates' training records.
In his interview with said he had the documentation to show he had completed the training.
"truth.
It in writing, he told.
, Sheriff's office denied to the Tulsa World any records.
As deputy, sheriff's office Bates to have of field training officer program, according to.
Bates would also have firearms training.
Officials have yet to locate records showing what training completed, said Maj. Shannon Clark's office.
But Clark say's training requirements have been waived.
Sheriff has the authority to waive any policies, Clark said
"The policies within our organization are signed off, but that the sheriff organization.
Part of sheriff's office told.
Glanz told KFAQ radio this week that officials can't find records of firearms certification.
The instructor who provided that training is now a U.S. Secret Service agent and officials haven't been able to locate training she was supposed to have, told the station.
Other discrepancies have surfaced that Bates claims to have attended questions about active shooter and.
Reporter said the paper had been told by multiple sources records had been falsified.
The newspaper has allegedly asked the supervisors.
The orders apparently "(Bates) was trying to get on as a deputy," reporter Branstetter told CNN's "New Day."
Has donated to the was also a's re-election campaign allegations he had to.
Claim in the interview as "unfair."
Bates' attorney,, has rejected the allegations.
He include sheriff's office employees by law firm that also represents Harris family.
"His and" Brewster told CNN.
Bates appeared on the "Today" show with his wife,.
Composed said he was still in shock over what happened.
"I can tell you it stayed with me for a number of days,".
I'm not sure it's not still with me today.
Sleep,,
, I believe it happened. "
In the events leading up to Harris' death, Bates said he away from deputy was a sting operation in gun.
Bates said he had participated "" he would "clean up" after deputies, notes.
As deputies rolled Harris bolted from the vehicle and ran toward Bates' position.
As deputies were trying to subdue, he saw an opportunity to use his stun gun to help get control.
I yelled 'Taser!
Taser '
As in.
Ducked away from it so I could, ".
"The light is on weapon.
Light and squeezed the trigger, Bates told Today. "
The result was not the click of a stun gun.
It was a gunshot
"I!
I'm sorry! "
Bates is saying on video of the incident.
Bates Harris' family, have rejected allegations.
Harris Harris, said that he didn't think the shooting was racially motivated.
Instead, he said, "."
Is charged with second-degree manslaughter he.
"."
"I rate this as No.
(CNN) South Africans took to the streets of Durban to rally against violence and xenophobia community has joined the protests.
The marches follow recent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives.
During the protest Twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns.
PeaceMarch and were the most popular.
South African march, groups and.
Hashtags are now pouring out of Africa.
Many are asking via Twitter to fight?
This week alone have two and three South Africans, including.
South African Tim Flack, tweeting of.
Flack, who lives in Cape Town, has hate against he said referred to as said "."
"People listen to him".
"He is.
In South Africa, says.
Said he was motivated to make the allegations after seeing complaints about xenophobic violence on social media and they weren't enough.
Filed with the, and then tweeted about it.
"The activists sit around feeling accomplished because they" said.
"people that a charge cost the country and push better."
Commission decide Flack's allegations, who denies fueling.
Flack also complaints.
Flack added that people in South Africa share sentiment.
"People are unemployed in South Africa pay foreign nationals a lot less," he said of the tension between nationals.
"would for 250 rand a day foreign national would resentment."
Imtiaz Sooliman, founder and chairman of the Foundation, doesn't think South Africans are against foreigners.
"South Africans," said Sooliman, who is providing an for foreign nationals.
Gift of has assistance at camps set up by the that hold roughly 8,000 refugees out things like clothing and hygiene.
And.
Why?
"Africa everyone, said" the way works is we post what.
So if you say # tsunami war, people.
People know it is a disaster, so going to people. "
He said South Africans also have been on with makeshift cooked food and other necessities.
"This is what happened in 2008," Sooliman said.
Scores were killed in the poorest areas of Johannesburg.
Most of the victims were Zimbabweans and.
That along with the government strongly condemning the violence, community engagement is happening now as never before.
National unity best hashtag has emerged from this:.
Panama City, Florida A person has been arrested in an alleged gang rape on Panama City Beach,, said.
Police arrested the suspect at 11 p.m. Tuesday.
Information Kennedy was in the, Investigators obtained a warrant for his arrest, according to a news release.
Investigators discovered Kennedy in DeKalb County, Georgia and reached out to the sheriff's office.
Deputies in, in the Atlanta area, tracked down Kennedy of perpetrators, the County Sheriff's Office said.
,, Has been a student at Tennessee State University, the sheriff's office said.
, Ryan Calhoun Martistee were arrested and charged, the sheriff said.
Was released Saturday after County.
University said the two have been "placed on school per conduct.
Martistee, a member, has been removed. "
Is public defender.
Calhoun's legal representation is unclear.
No public statement has been made on either's behalf.
The arrests come after a woman told police she drugged and gang-raped a popular in broad daylight.
The woman didn't recall the assault, police say she saw the assault, the footage had to be blurred authorities.
Young woman Beach authorities.
Four in, Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen said he said federal marshals were trying to track down witness it's the been looking.
"There hundreds of -- looking, seeing, hearing what's going on".
"and and our people have got this is acceptable somewhere.
Bay County. "
Authorities plan to interview the woman and her video to see whether she knows and can help, said Corley, the sheriff.
Authorities are pressing charges the woman to cooperate said.
Investigators were to meet this week.
, County investigators determined the rape took place between March 10 and March 12,, a for spring breakers.
She "does not remember the assault at all," Corley said.
A drink from CamelBak "
CamelBak transporting water or other drinks.
She was visiting Beach at the time of the assault authorities said.
, Police Department found video during the shooting and turned it over to the Bay County Sheriff's Office.
The video shows suspects aside and said.
"in the video people away.
They were assaulting her, and we believe she was being assaulted. "
The suspects can be heard commenting about what they are doing to her, Corley said.
Authorities have three sworn statements from witnesses, said.
The sheriff released part of the video to, of airing.
CNN released.
The video is "one of this year" it's not an isolated incident, said.
"This is not the first video.
It's not the second video.
It's not the video.
Of videos we recovered similar, and we recovered. "
Corley said that through social to find girls, and out, are, the beaches front a people. "
About 100,000 spring break revelers come to the beach community every year.
The County Sheriff's Office -- arrests.
(CNN) A measles outbreak that affected December is over, the California Department of Public Health declared.
It has been the last case of B3 strain the equivalent of, said the department.
The department said in its latest update that 131 outbreak strain.
The state was able to obtain the vaccination for 81 patients.
The, were unvaccinated.
"Prompt investigation,,, awareness among health care providers about measles, helped this outbreak," Smith said.
The outbreak visitors state.
Health department cases occurred from December 17-20.
Rashes have been identified in April, but they have a measles genotype.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on its website that strains.
Measles is a highly contagious respiratory disease.
It causes fever,, cough and rash.
It encephalitis.
It is spread infected through coughing or sneezing.
Can.
(CNN) It would be easy to laugh off Vin Diesel's prediction that his film "Furious 7" will win an Oscar next year, but not for the reason you might think.
All told Variety "It will win best picture want to be relevant."
But a blockbuster action film, some argue the movie goes against for Academy Award because the cast is so diverse.
"" hits theaters Friday controversy was the lack of diversity at the Oscars.
There were no nominated and women in the directing category.
Alejandro Gonzalez win best director for "Birdman."
Of diversity (the movie "Selma" nomination) "OscarsSoWhite."
In "Furious 7" be more racially inclusive.
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson -- a Samoan man -- black actors Christopher "Ludacris" Bridges and Hispanic performer Michelle Rodriguez, Thai martial artist Tony Beninese expatriate Djimon Hounsou and the,, blond-haired native.
The filmmakers even went so far as to make sure in Abu Dhabi, were found diverse.
"We were mainly looking for the diverse look of the (United Arab Emirates)," of the casting company,.
To make the international feel. "
Almost since the beginning, the "Fast and Furious" films have had a diverse and.
Which black, Asian, female bond as has box office iteration.
Boston Globe critic Wesley Morris wrote, Benetton, Kashi laugh's most force is the 'Fast and Furious' movies. "
"They're loud, ludicrous, and visually incoherent," he said.
They're the last bunch of movies you'd expect to see in the same sentence 'important.'
If only because they race as a as a social problem for.
Leads make-out.) "
According to the Motion Picture Association of America's Statistics, while Hispanics make up 17% of the U.S. population they account for 25% of moviegoers.
52 moviegoers.
Entertainment Weekly points out the in Hollywood.
"Despite almost $2.4 billion, racial inclusiveness remains an outlier; American movies are overwhelmingly white,".
According to Hollywood Report minorities. "
One moviegoer tweeted that he appreciated the effort.
Diesel told the franchise the film which segregated racers.
""
"As a audience, you can be that family.'
(CNN) A natural gas line at a law enforcement in Fresno injured 11 people, including a work detail.
A county worker, Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims said.
The exact cause of blast is under investigation, Mims said, at the spot where was.
The explosion sparked a fire engine said.
Of the front loader was injured, the sheriff said.
The injuries were suffered by inmates who were cleaning at the firing range.
There were 10 inmates near the blast site who were injured, officials said.
Three other inmates at the site were hurt.
The sheriff's office included them in the injury.
After the blast, said two deputies were at range to move the injured.
CNN affiliate a a fire near a highway.
One inmate was the sheriff said.
The were undergoing surgery, she said.
The others suffered mostly burns.
Deputies went for sunburn-like conditions, she said.
(The Hollywood Reporter) A trailer for "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" leaked online on Thursday before being taken down minutes later.
A YouTube uploaded of the trailer, Spanish.
The trailer begins with a commentator's voice asking, "Is the most powerful man in the world be a figure?"
Footage of, voices overlap the superheroes including "" "
In talks to star in "Blade Runner" sequel image Ben Affleck's face appears shortly before masked Batman, two superheroes coming face to face.
The highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in theaters.
On Wednesday, Snyder teased the trailer by releasing.
"Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" will be released on March 25, 2016 and stars Affleck as Batman and Henry Cavill as Superman.
The Amy Adams.
How's autograph at "Star Wars" celebration © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter.
(CNN) no Social Security card only a live.
John Helinski was homeless and for years.
To buy his own and collect a nice pension.
Helinski hit to the Social Security Administration and a and.
Bear to see his ward on the street told CNN affiliate WFTS.
The shelter worker set Helinski up with and.
But getting him was hard, Helinski's ID and Social Security cards.
"He needed but couldn't get birth certificate,".
A hassle by itself that Helinski was foreign born -- in an American citizen.
"We first had to figure out that we needed a consular record of birth like that," said Tampa, who pitched Helinski.
, Inman got Helinski a Social Security card.
, Helinski remembered used to Landmark Bank.
"Then Bank," he said.
Still there, the Social Security Administration hadn't forgotten.
It kept Helinski benefits for years and.
Now is buying his own four.
And to live on
"I guess I'm,,," he said.
McDonald said stunned.
(CNN) A suburban New York cardiologist has been charged in connection to prosecutors.
, 54, pleaded not guilty Wednesday to conspiracy,, criminal and a plot.
He was released after posting bond and surrendering his passport.
Two other men,, -- were named as accomplices, according to prosecutors.
They pleaded not guilty in District Court,.
Were released on bail.
Requests for attorneys representing Chmela were not returned.
It's unclear whether attorney.
Moschetto's attorney,, said his client "will be defending himself vigorously," the New York Post reported.
To ensure the wellbeing of people, Moschetto is alleged to have brazen criminal acts, District Attorney Singas said.
Police officers discovered 100 weapons at's home, including grenades, magazines and knives.
A behind, according to prosecutors.
The undercover officers began buying oxycodone from Moschetto in what was a the sale of drugs, officials said.
During the undercover, Moschetto also sold officers two weapons as well, prosecutors said.
Allegedly told officers during one buy that he needed dynamite to "blow up a building."
He later said because was setting fire to the building.
Part arson, according to prosecutors.
"The fire did destroy the office of another cardiologist with Dr. Moschetto had" according to the district attorney's office.
Gave an informant and and assault of the fellow, according to prosecutors.
He requested that be assaulted, authorities said.
"He was beaten in hospital he said" said Assistant District Attorney reported.
(CNN) Deputies rushed Kenneth Morgan Stancil court Thursday the murder suspect.
Is accused of killing Monday at Community College in North Carolina.
Relatives said victim Lane was gay, CNN affiliate WNCN reported, and investigators are looking into whether the shooting was a hate crime.
Authorities arrested Stancil after he found a.
A Thursday's hearing on the charge he faces, Stancil snapped back at the judge after he was offered a lawyer.
"don said before the judge in front of him.
"You know what?
Get life anyway. "
Judge Arnold interjected, pointing out that the maximum sentence Stancil faces is the death penalty.
"I know that," Stancil fired back.
Knew when I got caught, you know that I get life, the death penalty.
What?
Do you my?
You, I you're a child molester. "
The judge told him.
"I don't give a f--- what you want," Stancil said the in.
Deputies quickly corralled and the courtroom.
The hearing resumed minutes later,, his arms handcuffed.
Asked again whether he wanted, his response was quick -- and calm.
"Yes," he said.
In an interview with WRAL, Stancil described himself and said he "."
Stancil had worked for Lane,, college officials said.
During the,, Stancil said Lane deserved to die, accusing him of being a child molester made's.
Lane's family described those accusations as untrue.
His cousin, Steve told WRAL that Lane never children or.
He described him as a man who was family and friends.
"gay.
It Smith said
(CNN) 400 unaccounted for service members tied to USS Pearl Harbor will be exhumed this year, the Defense Department announced Tuesday.
The hope is's and Marines identified.
"The will work to ensure your loved one's remains identified as possible we will do," Deputy Secretary of Defense Bob Work said in a statement.
An identification, many. "
USS was hit on December 7.
A total of 429 sailors and Marines on the ship were killed.
Members were positively buried to the Defense Department.
By 1950, all were laid to rest at Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific.
In five service members were identified of historical Pearl Harbor survivor Ray Emory, 93.
Emory,, was a seaman first on Honolulu.
In Washington state before moving to Hawaii 30 years ago.
The retiree made it his mission to ensure graves are identified.
"It's something I looked forward to for a long time," he told CNN about Tuesday's announcement.
Speaking by phone from Honolulu said identification of loved ones and.
Next of kin were notified Tuesday.
Identified military.
Thousands of refugees trapped in the camp have suffered what can only be described as untold indignities.
While the story is in, it is the individual at the heart of the camp that make the imperative for humanitarian action so compelling.
Two such individuals Damascus -- Jihad and Mohammad -- tiny infants taken from in days,. "
The miracle children.
Young faces, the of humanitarian mandate mission to protect.
The Syrian conflict has a human face; and young.
I want to introduce you to the hope convinced an Syria.
Jihad Ya'qoub, the youngest refugee to flee, was born.
His mother, Fatima, imagined bringing a child.
To eat, situation "
Said Fatima community day.
Mohammad was born in Yarmouk on January 25 of this year.
When Syria tensions heightened mother in search of safety.
Her only the life of her newborn son.
Yet she has hope in the possibility of a dignified future.
She hopes that when life returns, she will live once more with her family in Yarmouk.
And human dignity a lesson for all.
I the Security Council did days ago, I will and.
Will press the case for access to other them inside Yarmouk, civilians need.
To do this, hostilities.
Pressure must be exerted on armed actors in Yarmouk to this end.
Beyond that wishing to.
Things are possible.
It takes the political less.
Must the politics possible begin to take hold.
I believe.
To abandon such belief would be to abandon thousands of other civilians like them.
Kenya (CNN) small.
Its, Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta announced last week's attack at a nearby university.
A few people -- mostly students -- were brutally massacred when militants invaded the campus town in Kenya.
This particular Islamic school the "mastermind" -- Mohamed Mohamud -- once taught here.
Was Abdi principal at Madrassa.
He says he also taught Mohamud for two years.
"When he left, he joined.
But, he was people. "
What worries authorities exactly -- Mohamud was Kenyan.
Officials, Mohamud is in an long, porous border with Somalia () -- who are believed to be responsible for numerous attacks.
The Islamist militant group al Qaeda have been waging a bloody campaign for control of Somalia.
With Kenyan troops part of an African Union force deployed in support of Somalia's United Nations-supported government, Kenya has become a target.
Last year, an attack by Al-Shabaab on a shopping center in the country's capital, Nairobi, claimed the lives of 68 people.
Now Mohamud stands accused of being behind Thursday's attack -- the deadliest attack in the nation since al Qaeda killed more than 200 people at the U.S..
But is not Kenya homegrown terrorist.
The at least one of the four gunmen who carried out the.
Was in his 20s government.
His father says in 2013,.
The Kenyan government Al-Shabaab.
"Our terrorism has been made all by the financiers are our communities," said.
Meanwhile, insists his's violent.
"This man is a dangerous man, a killer," he says.
But he was also once a neighbor.
(CNN) ISIS claimed responsibility for a suicide attack Friday near the U.S. Consulate in, according to Twitter accounts linked to the terror group.
The was the target of the attack, said.
At least four people were killed and 18 injured, police said.
All personnel were safe and accounted said.
Kurdistan.
The incident began with an explosion of improvised bomb in the area.
After that blast, a car moved in the direction of the consulate.
Security personnel at the car exploded the, a police official said.
It the that the vehicle was carrying, according to the official.
A separate official,
Ismail, civilians.
A spokesman for the force Iraq.
The blast sent a huge fireball into the sky on a street parallel to the consulate.
Smoke and gunfire was heard for the next hour.
Witness said attackers in consulate security and police.
Helicopters circled the neighborhood where the blast occurred, the consulate building to.
In addition., the blast occurred the, consulate employees.
The State Department thanked the response by the Kurdish government and will investigate the bombing.
"The United States will continue to stand with the people of the Kurdistan Region and all Iraqis as we work together in and towards our shared goal of and)," the department said in a statement.
(CNN) Pope.
Not only does he shepherd Catholic souls, he also leads a and.
As the Vatican has walked the line between concerns.
Sometimes, as when John Paul II to the church moral and political clout have to punch.
At other times, popes have to make a hard choice of a prophet or the diplomat?
This, Pope Francis faced.
More than 1 million (some estimates run as high as 1.5 million) died at the hand.
Victims.
Of at least 20 countries call the killings a "genocide."
(U.S. do the same has languished.)
Turkish officials that the deaths,, were part of war.
For their part, previous popes had the genocide question.
John Paul II in didn't speak it out loud.
Instead, tucked into a document signed by pontiff the Armenian church,.
Pope Benedict called "evil" and "terrible persecution" in a 2006,.
Found other ways off the Turks, initially opposing the European Union.)
Pope commemorate Vatican about whether he would use the word. "
Quoting John Paul's.
"century lived through three massive tragedies," Francis said.
"The first is of the 20th century, your own."
The phrase comes directly from issued ago by Paul.
In citing, the Vatican's chiefest concerns on matters of: continuity.
Whether line to priests or diplomatic tensions, the church considers inconsistency.
"The Vatican and the papacy continuity," said the Rev.
Thomas Reese, a Vatican analyst for National Catholic Reporter.
If Francis called the Armenian particularly at a high-profile event -- the President -- it might have been a change in policy,.
, Francis didn't the Turks become Christians Pope alluded to.
"The is a sign that he's downplaying it," said of the Armenian.
New here. "
New, Turkey was not happy.
The nation recalled its Vatican ambassador for "consultations" just hours after Francis' comments, the Turkish Foreign Ministry said.
Turkey summoned the Vatican's ambassador,, state broadcaster TRT reported.
In a tweet, Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu's use of the word "unacceptable" "of historical facts and."
"Religious authorities not hatred and animosity".
"Hatred" and "animosity" are words to describe Francis.
Shines on the world, emphasizing mercy over judgment, it's easy to miss the Francis.
On matters of diplomacy,, geopolitics often takes, this pope is.
He has helped broker a detente between the United States, Israeli and Palestinian service at the Vatican after annoying an impromptu prayer at the the West Bank.
But Francis has also suggested may ', warned of the said insult religion should expect a punch.
Pope addressed a roomful of priests at Mass.
"genocide", he encouraged his charges to speak to the courage apostles.
"We cannot keep silent about what we have seen and heard," Francis said.
(CNN).
An went on rant.
And we all brains to the date's.
Pop culture's most talked-about of the week.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens "unveiled a nearly two-minute trailer for the movie,.
Shows up, you Internet squeals.
Problem Singapore math test somehow spread across the Web millions trying to figure out the named Cheryl.
're of us and peeked at the answer.
Who at age 34?
Supermodel, who walked was her last fashion-show runway this week.
'll -- and her football of.
Oh,.
We all hate having.
But's at't.
, A new book by Jon Ronson explores how social media go too far in to shame people who.
Ronson create. "
The first female quintuplets since.
How fun for their parents 16 years from now when.
, Now of Antebellum had to vacate her it caught fire outside Dallas.
Stuff.
For sense of humor, partnered lads of Monty Python recreate the "Song" of. "
Duckie dances!
Duckie in Pink? "
Of course you do.
Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) land Airport, scars of the brutal conflict tearing clear aircraft, and nearby buildings lie in ruins.
To world country is the battle between Houthi rebels and Saudi-led coalition forces visit, a international airport all on Tuesday was granted a by Unicef, the United Nations.
The airport has previously been bombed.
Are likely to resume the day delicately following the U.N. --.
Unicef deliver vital food and supplies to the country's humanitarian crisis.
More than 100,000 Yemeni civilians have fled and Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs people here are in need of assistance.
The Rahaba Airport is under.
't near trouble.
But there is out on the tarmac.
Within minutes of touching down, a small army of aid workers is busy unloading of much-needed provisions.
Of wind across crates and pallets of emergency nutrition and.
Unicef overcome more than one hurdle this far -- now they have most in need in a country paralyzed by resources.
Meet their, according to.
An Air India plane is away.
Thousands have fled flights as the situation in Yemen has deteriorated.
For nowhere else to go of flight, mercy Unicef NGOs hope.
Adrian Peterson player Friday, the league said.
The NFL suspended the football star in November over allegations that,, with a stick.
, NFL Peterson requirements including that he maintain "an ongoing program of counseling and treatment recommended by," the NFL said.
Required Peterson "any further violates the (NFL's) personal conduct policy or other NFL policies."
"Any violation by Peterson the NFL," the league said.
Peterson played in a 35-6 win in September list September 17 -- off the field with -- his indictment month case.
With abuse, Peterson pleaded no contest in November.
The NFL then suspended him and he lost his appeal of that sanction the next month.
Minnesota decision upheld making Peterson eligible.
Report: Latest details The Vikings issued a brief statement in which they said they "look forward to the."
ESPN reported that the team will hold voluntary offseason workouts beginning Monday.
The next Vikings' organized team activities begin in late May.
It is unclear whether Peterson.
How the Vikings handled the matter.
Though dodged jail time plea, he received probation,.
He also take parenting classes.
"I truly regret this incident," Peterson said after accepting the deal.
"and I.
More. "
Considered one of the best in the NFL.
Seven-year contract worth $100 million with the Vikings,.
Eight including rushed for carry.
A Tulsa County deputy is on administrative leave after shooting a suspect with his gun.
Police say () during shot suspect who died at hospital.
The shooting happened after an apparent drug and gun the Tulsa task force Thursday.
Part to arrest Eric Harris, 44, in the parking lot of a Dollar General store.
Police say Harris,,.
When confronted by an arrest team, he fled the scene police say they "observed him reaching for his waistband causing concern for the deputies."
After a brief pursuit, police say Harris was he continued to arrest "his left arm from underneath his body where his hand was near his waistband."
Police say discharged struck Harris.
Harris died at a local hospital and his cause of death is under investigation.
Police say Harris at the scene may have been under the influence,.
When asked if another gun was found on Harris, of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office says "The suspect was in the.
I have not been told there was a second weapon found on him. "
Deputy on the investigation received Tulsa task force.
He had also served as a Tulsa Police officer.
When asked by CNN affiliate KTUL whether played, says?
Sure.
Is it accredited to his?
Was it accredited to the?
Will be determined. "
(CNN) Jonathan Crombie, "Anne of Green Gables" TV died at age 48.
Died Wednesday from complications of, "Anne of Green Gables" Kevin Sullivan said.
"It's a tragedy to see someone at age 48 go," he said.
"who worked to make roles onscreen come to life."
Based on Canadian Lucy Maud Montgomery, "Anne of Green Gables" debuted in Canada on TV in 1984.
Focused on the adventures of Anne played, who Prince.
Crombie played who over time Anne
Crombie reprised the roles in the sequels "" ("Anne of Green Gables").
In Disney Channel and PBS, drawing Canada made its on.
Son Crombie was cast in the role at 17, beating out other aspiring actors,, Sullivan said.
Despite his lack of acting experience, Crombie's demeanor made him the perfect actor Follows, Sullivan said.
"It was an amazing chemistry between him and Megan," Sullivan said.
"There was a lot of affection they grounded."
The movies spawned various spinoffs, including "," actor Sarah Polley, and turned's fictional Prince Edward Island into a popular tourist destination.
The role made Crombie of a sentiment expressed by many fans in the wake of his death.
As one person said on Twitter, "I don't know any female Canadian generation that * didn't * Jonathan Crombie as Gilbert."
Crombie to roles in other Canadian TV shows including "21 Jump Street" and "The Good Wife," but his Facebook page Gilbert.
Crombie's sister told CBC News that her brother happily the name Gil greeted by in public.
"he was really proud of Gilbert," she said.
That was happy, very proud "
(CNN) Robert Bates, deputy who shot a man he a Taser, Saturday released documents he says verify Bates' training as a law enforcement officer.
The documents show Bates training, took three training from handgun.
His evaluations say he along with officers related.
"met the required by to reserve" said the lawyer,, in an interview with CNN.
The documents.
Asked County Sheriff's Office to provide his training records.
Sheriff's office's documents, saying they are part of the investigation.
Authorities did not request.
Documents Bates training has in the case.
The lawyer for the family of the man killed claims Bates be received preferential treatment made to a sheriff.
The Tulsa newspaper reported the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office to forge Bates records and were they.
The allegations.
The documents provided from 2008 to December.
Taser training class,, according to a document a Council Education and Training standards for training peace officers.
Wood said one on Taser.
Had weapons training twice in 2009,, Wood said.
He scored times to April 9, 2014, to a handgun while.
Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Friends of Harris gathered in a visitation and.
Bates is on $25,000 bond.
He says to on Harris during fired his handgun
"I!
I'm sorry! "
Bates is heard saying on video of the incident.
Bates executive, has defense.
In an interview with ", said he had the documentation to show he had completed the training.
"truth.
In, he told.
Questions have already been raised about Bates' training when service with the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office.
In his statement to investigators, Bates said he "became an advanced Deputy in 2007."
Wood said Bates started working for the sheriff's office in 2008.
But the sheriff's office has said Bates had been a reserve deputy since 2008.
Bates completed 300 hours of training becoming a reserve deputy to the sheriff's office.
Tulsa said hours of field training "" reserve Bates claimed.
Questions have been raised about Bates' firearms qualifications scores.
To be a pistol, deputies need to score 72 while of a firing range,.
Documents heading "Firearms Qualification Record" show Bates at least on different days.
But firearms qualification records from four are missing for the sheriff's office,.
Sheriff's Office says records.
The department of Bates' weapons training shows he scored 80-84 those times.
A 95, said.
CNN provided the documents to the Tulsa World.
Ziva Branstetter,, said the new information doesn't undercut's reporting.
"These records back up the" she said.
The records is how many classes Bates took on two days.
Council on records show Bates took 14 training 20 credit hours on December 10 and 20.
Wood said training the by computer classes.
"It's possible a half-hour class and" he said.
Evaluations show supervisors opinion of Bates.
His strengths: "Works."
His weakness: "Radio usage /."
Remedial training: Does not have a lot of radio time will be worked on.
Will have.
(CNN) Chinese police arrested 133,000 people and tons of illegal narcotics during anti-drug campaign, the country's Ministry of Public Security announced.
Authorities also handled crimes -- such as robbery -- and 606,000 cases of drugs in of Minister of Public Security said Wednesday.
The figures nearly double the same period, while the amount of narcotics seized was up, according to the ministry.
Liu said trafficking groups have "suffered a heavy blow" have "."
The police paid a price, said quotes carried by the news agency.
Nine police officers died and were wounded in the mission severely wounded.
The ministry rewarded 60 units and 100 people.
Liu said drug-related online trafficking an increasing problem.
The ministry had launched a three-month online campaign in April targeting people engaged in drug-related crimes.
Over the past nine months, film directors and singers have been arrested over drug,, convicted on a drug charge and sentenced to six months in prison by a Beijing court.
Their eyes reflect childhoods marked.
Their faces show passage of time.
Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing adults who were from the 1940s thousands of miles away in Siberia.
"For those faces are like maps,".
More. "
Soviet II deported thousands.
Some were prison.
Many were.
Stole entire young, a handful of whom Lazar located seven decades later.
During's interviews, the survivors broke down in tears.
"It was them," he said.
"Some lost brothers, killed by the Soviets."
Lazar remembers 84-year-old Boguslaw Dokurno recall his grandfather's wish.
Dokurno asked to return death to Polish to Siberian.
Lazar the experience of police.
Lazar began his photography in 2006 after realizing storytelling.
Photography -- share "
CNNPhotos the conversation about photography.
Lazar said the interviews surprised him.
Despite his subjects' traumatic experiences, "they welcomed me with open arms," he recalled.
They wanted to share their stories. "
Fearing for their safety, they couldn't tell their stories publicly until the fall of the Soviet Union.
Now that they document.
Look at's images.
The faces fill each frame.
Portrait.
Photo "the moment when they really started going inside themselves," he said.
People are strong souls. "
Stories for history "
Tomasz Lazar is a photographer.
Most pilots compartmentalize.
The cockpit is our "safe" place.
World.
Checklists.
Procedures.
Standardization.
Stress is an accepted career.
However, as depression.
Is treatable.
For airline pilots, it is no longer debilitating to our livelihood.
Federal Aviation Administration now medication flying depression is.
As the world learns more about Andreas Lubitz,, it is apparent that this young man had psychiatric issues far.
He reportedly administered a series of injections to mitigate his problems, an absolute reflection on the serious nature of his illness.
Illness didn't just appear out of thin air.
Its had to be apparent to others.
Lubitz's public knowledge --.
The hoops to jump's curious to me red.
To what hoops am I referring?
With passion for gliders.
Glider flying is one of the purest forms of aviation.
Although it is an individualistic endeavor, teamwork.
Fellow enthusiasts both safety.
A pilot.
Participation among the members club the idiosyncrasies.
Not quite conducive to the activity.
Compete successfully in a selection process the opportunity to train through's flight program, a requirement.
The selection process is, requiring above-average aptitude.
Is the process mental would?
The.
: Germanwings and Once accepted into the flight program, a rigorous training period.
Training, utilizes an program facility the airline.
The geared toward a multi-crew pilot license, or MPL, by the International Civil Aviation Organization.
Is to pilot candidates having little flight time into the.
Countries don't have the luxury of selecting from a large pool of pilots use this license.
Airline pilots in the United States are not licensed in this manner, requiring as much hours to co-pilot.
This is FAA as the Airlines crash.
Had 600 hours of flight time when horror.
A flight instructor flight time experience.
As with the MPL programs, the training involves an.
Are not paid training until such time as they pass a check.
Regardless, the cost is borne by the student of about $76,000.
In a time the student receives hours of training.
A of almost constant supervision.
From observing wouldn't at least one instructor have noticed in?
A fellow trainee also?
According to reports, took a his -- behavior.
A red flag?
Wouldn's flight department consider it prudent to reconsider a candidate of potential?
After all, the process was likely with other qualified.
Once the primary training was complete, would have returned and completed specific on the was fly.
Again, no one observed.
Even, according to reports, diagnosis.
Over the course of a career, airline the the cockpit with colleagues.
We have flown a particular individual allows to know when something isn't quite right.
That determination can be made through performance routines,.
In that regard, it of's positive assessment at time.
As supplemental Germanwings established as the, alter ego carrier.
Depending upon a pilot's flight, salary for pilots can be as much as 20% lower than mainline.
In addition, a Germanwings crew's schedule.
Lufthansa pilots had been one of disputes early retirement option less working conditions for new hires.
Perhaps a disparity existed for Germanwings that medical leave would have covered's absence.
Regardless of add of stress to man.
The the end result.
It just seems to me that this was an accident.
Could it have been prevented?
() I remember traveling one day in local train.
The compartment was extremely crowded.
As we felt being lifted and someone groping my private parts.
It was terrible.
I wanted to scream, but my voice drowned the noise.
I wanted to push but my arms were pinned to my body.
I wanted to cry but could only think, "
Me. "
I was 13 years old.
I never told anyone about that day until recently.
Continue to hear stories of girls being harassed on local transportation.
The stories can be stomach churning: on buses and at bus stops, stalking both physically and online, men taking pictures of women and.
Then there are just the,, frequently accompanied by comments with sexual connotations.
This isn't simply anecdotal.
A study by People found that 80% of women had been harassed, trains and railway platforms.
Most women, only to overlook,, the forms of catcalling and whistling can be intimidating.
Indeed, many choose hours outside,, for a longer route home.
It was only recently that I realized my phobia of trains likely originated I.
I avoid.
Most people are silent when inappropriate sexual behavior occurs to women.
Young sexual harassment workshop led by is to ignore it. "
The reality is that sexual harassment in India is pervasive in all aspects of life.
It hits you in the face every day when you walk down the street,,.
According to report, 1 in 3 women around the world.
This statistic is in India.
Out of 2,000 who attended conducted of them have been at harassment in daily.
Harassment.
Why are our confronting sexual harassment?
Over the years I have encourage women to talk about their experiences and the power they hold acknowledging and of change sexual harassment in India.
Speaking up about sexual harassment.
I know.
But acknowledging that is an important step.
India has laws well, gives women the her.
But is it enough?
Women still have the challenge of not feeling "ashamed" bringing overcoming with the police often file complaints in cases on which their performance is judged.
However,, two cases of immense coming forward to report sexual harassment can make a difference.
, Employee from an environmental research organization who alleged that her boss Pachauri made unwelcome advances to her.
Her quest for justice resulted in Pachauri stepping down from his position as chair of the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
Pachauri denied the allegations and insisted his computer hacked.
In Pachauri, he shared the password who sent inappropriate emails to the employee under his name.
Last year,, of media, sexually assaulting.
She first told her female reportedly her.
She then spoke the incident to the police.
Tarun, explained, "
Have female -- to help clear the barriers.
Women need to find the courage to speak up.
Speaking out is women to live full lives,.
We cannot.
(CNN)'s University is Al-Shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year.
The Thursday massacre was so far,, easily the terrorist group's most notorious attack, a four-day siege in late 2013 at the Westgate Mall in Nairobi in which 67 people were killed.
Westgate attack Al-Shabaab attacks in Kenya have killed more than 100 people -- assaulting the town of June 16, shooting could,, quarry laborers.
Al-Shabaab, a Somali nationalist group affiliated with al Qaeda, targeting Kenya?
Al-Shabaab says its attacks the Kenyan soldiers.
But if that is the case, why doesn't Al-Shabaab target military soft targets such as Kenyan universities?
In fact, Thursday's attack on the university is one of Al-Shabaab, which has steadily been losing ground in Somalia as a result of the, U.S. campaign that.
In 2006, Al-Shabaab controlled Mogadishu and much of central and southern Somalia.
, African Union forces had recaptured parts of Somalia cities such as Kismayo.
The loss of, Al-Shabaab's city stronghold a financial toll on the group.
Ground battles have decimated Al-Shabaab's U.S. drone strikes and Special Operations raids have.
In the past four years, according to a count by the U.S. has launched strikes and raids against Al-Shabaab.
All Somalia -- have targeted the training camps and leaders.
American special operators have leaders:, top successor; top Ali, a senior official who operated; Jabreel Malik, the bomb-maker for intelligence and security, who was involved in the Westgate attack.
Al-Shabaab has been for years.
(Billboard) Fresh off his scorching Coachella Saturday night (), rocker Jack White announced he'll take a hiatus from touring.
Wrap touring in support "" first-ever acoustic tour will "the only left that he has yet to play," according to.
Acoustic quartet tour will Kaplin, Lillie Mae and Dominic Davis.
Unannounced $
Billboard White on Not Being a '' the Wrong Are 'vague announcement has fans (and journalists) scouring the Internet for White's touring history.
Unclear is whether White includes his White, Dead touring, his.
Including all of his touring,, Billboard find only 29 states in which he has performed.
Tour dates with White another 12 states.
For which show White: Hawaii (scheduled for tomorrow), Arkansas,, Utah North.
Billboard: Jack White Plays The Declares' Is' at Coachella Through the process of (surely he has, Little Rock and?
Our guess as to which five will play on the brief acoustic run:, Vermont and... Puerto Rico?
If that's the tour in jumps, a potential.
(Though shipping instruments will be than stage)
© 2015.
(CNN) Wanted director must be eager to shoot of golden.
Michelle MacLaren is leaving the upcoming "Wonder Woman" movie (Hollywood Reporter).
MacLaren as director of the movie.
CNN a Warner Bros. Pictures ",."
(CNN and Warner Bros. Pictures are both owned by Time Warner.)
The movie Gal Gadot in.
It's the first theatrical movie the.
Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice "due out March.
(The Hollywood Reporter)
ABC filming a proof of concept for a revival of "The Muppets," The Hollywood Reporter has learned.
"The Big Bang Theory" co-creator Bill Prady is co-writing the script for a pilot sources say could's Madison Avenue.
Sources tell THR that the project, if all goes well, could go to series.
"Management," "" will also co-write as showrunner attached to exec produce.
"Muppets" revival is being produced by The Muppet, which Disney owns.
The presentation is set to film next weekend on the original Muppet.
Sources say the concept includes the regular cast Kermit,, gathering for a new "Muppet Show."
The show won't move forward unless Miss Piggy and current relationship show ground.
Plans call for two — including's co-star — as well as new roles.
, The "Muppets" which landed after initial interest from Netflix his.
The producer does not an, his and ultimately writing for "Henson," remaining on the series after death.
This marks the second time to Muppets. "
Writer-producer shot footage "" that Disney ultimately passed on.
For his part, Prady earned Emmy "Muppets" Disney.
Order "Muppets" to series, project and CBS "The Big Bang Theory," which.
Created Muppet appeared on "Friends" from 1955-61 "Sesame Street" in 1969
"The Muppet" launched its comedy-variety series 1976-81 on the syndicated series of.
The franchise spawned ""'s "Muppets" as well as series "Jim Henson."
Following death, the "Muppets" airing in 1996 airing on Disney Channel from.
Television series to feature the Muppets.
Feature, the franchise's "The Muppet," "Muppet Treasure Island" and 1999's "Muppets," two of which were co-produced by Disney acquired rights in 2004 The Studio.
The company rebranded the franchise in 2008 with's "The Muppets," eighth in the "Muppets" bowing in 2014.
ABC, Muppets revival comes as variety shows are in the midst of networks.
NBC has a priority Marlon variety series "!"
"Saturday Night" in the works.
The "The Muppets" comes as reboots are having their as networks look for existing cut and crowded scripted space.
The comedy arrives as it has launch scripted.
Is repped by Grossman;.
©.
) When went missing in New York City at age 6, anyone in America could see his face at breakfast table.
His photo on his May disappearance marked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children.
His case horrified parents, a jury will verdict against the man charged in his killing,.
Police three years ago.
Etan Patz's parents have waited long for justice have questioned Hernandez.
His lawyer said is he committed the crime.
Police in a taped statement he lured as the boy was to a bus stop.
He killed the boy and his body.
Neither his remains have been recovered.
Hernandez schizophrenia ", his attorney said.
Hernandez hours before he confessed.
"I think anyone who sees these confessions will understand that Hernandez believed he had killed Etan.
't mean he did, the case said.
But New York judge his were legal, making the confession.
Another the Patz case for Ramos, a convicted child molester Etan's babysitter.
's parents,, sued in 2001.
The boy was declared dead as part of that lawsuit.
A Ramos responsible for the death has never received.
Though was at the center of investigations for years, he has never been charged.
He served a sentence for molesting another boy and was released in 2012.
He was reportedly immediately jail sex offender.
's disappearance, the Patzes worked to keep and create awareness of missing children in the United States.
In the 1980s, Etan's photo appeared on across the country and focused on the search for other missing children.
"It awakened America," said Ernie Allen, president and chief executive officer of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children.
Of missing children. "
The actual number of children who were kidnapped did not change -- a small number -- awareness,.
The news expanding images of parents begging for their safe return.
Nation awareness prompted politicians.
Congress creation of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children.
Opened the center in 1984.
Operating a 24-hour toll-free hot line on could report information about missing boys and girls.
(CNN) A U.S. citizen pleaded not guilty in Ohio to federal charges of providing material support to terrorists.
Mohamud, 23, of allegedly return home to particularly,, the Department of Justice said Thursday.
Mohamud custody on Friday.
"and getting aggressive defense," said his lawyer.
Mohamud told someone that he wanted to target U.S. armed forces,, "Mohamud was a plan."
"talked about doing the United States.
He wanted to go to a military base in Texas and kill three American soldiers says.
Mohamud allegedly said he was Aden's largest affiliate.
Mohamud told he planned to join, the indictment says.
He became a U.S. citizen in February 2014 and submitted a application according to the indictment.
Mohamud traveled to Syria in April "for the purpose," prosecutors said in a news release.
Mohamud bought a one-way ticket to a layover in Turkey, the Department of Justice said.
He instead completed to travel to Syria. "
Once trained in,, using explosives and combat, prosecutors said.
", was cleric in the United States commit an act of terrorism."
From giant the, the parks.
Saturday and Sunday, also free.
Though most of National Park year-round, the 128 parks -- like Yosemite -- days.
All of National Park Week happening through April, hosted by the National Park Service and the National Park Foundation.
Check astronomy,, and family-friendly Junior activities sites.
Not sure?
To learn more about park sites.
Go to www.nationalparkweek.org for ideas on how to.
(CNN) Can you imagine paying $1,000 in rent in a?
, 30-year-old woman, doesn't have to imagine's everyday reality.
Small and is all that this single mother can afford in her community in.
Isn't alone.
CNN published a piece "" documents the housing in the Bay Area.
One featured a house that is home to 16 people, including children.
A named jobs are San Jose.
Has, the only community confronting these challenges.
Our nation is in the midst of an affordable housing crisis.
The agency I lead, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, recently released a report estimating that 7.7 million low-income households live in their.
These are families who every $2 they earn just to keep a roof over their head.
And the more they spend, the less they invest in their children's education, savings and businesses.
Hurt our nation's economy and respond with action.
HUD is working with local partners across the country to do just that.
First on preserving the affordable housing.
Since the mid-1970s, we have loans for properties in more than 700,000 affordable units.
, We're in danger of losing more than 125,000 maturing, rents in these units.
So we've launched a effort with private partners to keep these properties affordable for generations to come.
The public housing.
The 10,000 units of housing HUD Assistance bring the fold for the public.
Cost federal for communities as the is making worth in 22 months, including lighting, modern insulation and cut energy costs.
RAD has allowed communities to raise more than $new to date.
Congress to give every community the chance.
No have to wait six decades to have a decent home.
To create new affordable housing.
That in 2012 there were 11.5 million extremely low-income households and 3.3 million affordable.
It's our way out of this problem.
We supply to meet demand, HUD is taking a multifaceted approach.
For Partnerships public for every more new and rehabilitated units rent to families.
This is more than just a statistic: It is progress for the families living in development in Washington to Retirement.
To keep this momentum going, we've asked Congress to increase funding% to affordable homes, communities across the nation.
We are also asking Congress to expand our Voucher Program, which allows recipients, the elderly and market.
That sequestration.
And targeting our resources where they impact.
$million assistance to programs across the Bay Area,.
And work with local partners to encourage investment.
Empower communities, 300 million new Local Grants to help them,.
All of this is making a significant contribution to families and communities.
Our nation's affordable housing and more to make sure.
Let this chance make for American.
Can leaders come together for the common good.
(CNN) The public outrage over the "religious freedom" in Indiana caught those completely off-guard by their confused and contradictory responses.
As poll, they knew that oppose the discriminatory laws and practices as normal.
The politicians underestimated the pushback organized by businesses,.
A new reality.
For the past three decades, evangelicals and pro-business powerfully allied environmental and welfare, for the wealthy and the.
This alliance, equally devout Christians place more emphasis on wealth and the poor,, business leaders.
Their priorities, after all, are based on the bottom line.
And companies that sell goods support discrimination --.
, After Indiana Gov.
Law that couples and other was from groups as diverse as, Pacers Marriott International.
Marriott was founded by J.W.
Marriott, is run by's about marriage.
Yet, Marriott "" marketing campaign aimed at lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender travelers with an assurance of "the company's commitment to make everyone feel who they are."
Religious and marketing same-sex honeymooners, Marriott pointed to, "
By LGBT travelers more than $and market is travel.
States to make feel unwelcome.
Businesses among younger consumers highlight anti-gay bias.
CNN poll found that millennials same-sex couples.
Even support same-sex marriage less,.
It used to be that businesses close their eyes to areas the more liberal, but that is no longer possible.
According MTV's ", 90% of that communities% say.
So's the "moral" now?
For millennials following spreading the news about discrimination wherever beyond.
In the first 24 hours after Arkansas passed its "religious freedom" bill, the hashtag # was used.
It then after celebrity.
America has crossed ethnicity, gender or sexual orientation.
Since the majority of children born in the United States each year are of racial.
Growth in the labor force.
Women now lead in educational attainment.
And more than half of Americans live in states where same-sex marriage is legal.
) threatening to withhold funds from Elizabeth Warren: "
't to her and other measures in Wall Street.
As Clinton prepares to officially launch her presidential campaign to.
Former Maryland Gov.
Martin O'Malley, who is also running for the Democratic nomination,.
In other words, there are signs that Democrats are planning on of economic inequality.
In recent news, that New York Schumer will replace Harry Reid as leader of the Senate the of are crashing into political reality.
While Schumer he is a Democrat who has spent time courting and protecting powerful financial interests who run one of the dominant state.
Not alone.
Progressive President Barack Obama on Wall Street donations for.
Despite all the about left-wing "socialism" in the White House, open its coffers to Democrats,.
Democratic populism can within campaign finance system.
Enormous pressures for funds has for many decades created Democrats,, to court big donors.
During the 1980s,, the the Democratic Campaign as, and of industry who had outflanking them in raising money.
Democrats were to losing their traditional of campaign support --organized labor which had been a central source of campaign muscle providing money and campaign assistance.
Private funds increasing, Democrats business.
Democrats for president choices.
, Obama disappointed many supporters becoming the first president to abandon the public finance system for campaigns,.
While enormously important victories, so were Wall Street executives.
At the height of the sentiment Wall Street, agreed to a financial regulation bill () that was structured in such a way as to give interests more.
Wall Street,, eroding the legislation.
Not only campaign finance limit Democrats, but.
Washington Post the scandal that might bring down Sen. Robert Menendez is involving large scale super PAC donations.
At the heart of is that to Majority in exchange for favors.
This Democrats.
They don't have.
Without these funds, they won't be able to compete.
In this election cycle, donors are causing a huge stir.
, The Koch brothers and their allies are throwing enormous amounts of money to candidates who support their agenda.
Individual donors such as gambling magnate Sheldon Adelson are causing candidates,.
Democrats have their own magnates for such as Tom Steyer and George Soros.
Why reform is important Without Congress changing the fundamental dynamics, there won't be much room for.
If Democrats select Warren as their candidate Hillary Clinton decides to move economic policy, won't the of.
Democratic Party Wall Street Wall Street.
Those are the facts.
If to Wall Street, campaign finance.
If publicly funded there were stringent Wall Street.
Reform could level the playing field.
More reform with little more of support.
A more economic agenda that revolved around progressive taxation and assistance to strengthen the middle class can only work in a different political system.
Rolling Stone's disastrous discredited story about the campus of the University of Virginia and the emerging consensus is that Rolling Stone's lapses journalistic -- made by's the, report by a of the School of Journalism.
Rolling Stone's egregious reporting and editing are regrettable but understandable.
The magazine's decision not to fire anybody or its newsroom.
The story "A Rape on Campus" Rolling Stone website publication --.
An the name "Jackie" told she had been invited to a Phi Kappa Psi fraternity in 2012 -- only to end up beaten and gang-raped by seven boys, who were allegedly coached by the,, who had invited Jackie to the party.
The allegations sparked protests, a police investigation, the suspension of fraternities at the school and a nationwide debate about sexual violence on college campuses.
But the story began to unravel almost immediately when Washington Post reporter took a closer look a review by the School of Journalism.
That review,, reveals startling lapses in journalistic practice.
Rolling Stone writer Erdely never verified the identity and never the allegations; she never spoke to's talked with Jackie immediately, and she never gave a fair refusing to provide specific information about what happened and when.
Of, Jackie -- refusing to provide basic to verify story time without -- neither magazine made the necessary decision to the pause.
As a journalism professor ()
I've told: You should never print allegations without.
And you never take a source word without verifying.
(There's a reason reporting and dictation.)
, I tell students, remember beings, The good and usually bad.
Be mistaken or tell reporters frequently lie.
That doesn't source it extra careful.
Unfortunately, Rolling Stone.
Jann Wenner decided not to fire at Rolling Stone, provoking expressions of disbelief among journalists.
"No.
Really? "
Wrote media critic.
"Rolling Stone its institution up damaged,"
Tweeted the Capitol bureau chief.
"Rolling Stone outsources its investigation to Columbia in?
, Tweeted.
Still, the editors who committed seem unprepared to revamp their operation to prevent the debacle, framing the error as an attempt to believe the sexual assault victim.
"Rolling Stone editors are unanimous in the failure report says.
Check out this conclusion from Will Dana, the who presided.
Team: "It's not like I think we need to and I don't think we need to institute new things.
've done this mistake. "
That smug attitude ensures Rolling Stone's newsroom managers will.
Bill Grueskin, an executive editor at Bloomberg dean.
When doing stories, reporters face many challenges: recalcitrant sources, buried.
Editors, in anonymity, are spared most of those hurdles.
They face their own newsroom challenges when handling a blockbuster story, writes.
They must star reporters happy, trim verbiage the narrative, and of bosses hungry and traffic. "
, Says Grueskin, that Rolling Stone in the, instead of a single talented editor intact. "
(CNN) Duckie's still got moves.
On Tuesday night's "Late Show" on CBS, actor Jon Cryer reprised record-store dance to Otis Redding's "Try Little" right down to the wall-dancing,, trademark.
In the original scene, best-loved, Cryer dances around a lip-syncing as he tries to of's.
In Tuesday's dances host James Corden fulfilled a childhood dream "by re-creating the scene with -- turned 50 on Thursday.
"I watched 'Tenderness' so many times, the tape wore out," said.
"Two Men," many of the film.
(CNN) An American was wounded by gunfire Thursday as from Karachi, Pakistan, where she works, police said.
Lobo,, was shot in the cheek to survive, according to Shah, a Karachi police spokesman.
Police assailants had Lobo,,, Shah said.
Had left the Jinnah Medical College, where she pick up.
Assailants on Shah said.
"U.S. Consulate in Karachi is in contact with Pakistani authorities and" said.
The Karachi's Aga Khan Shah.
Pakistani who the Karachi.
(CNN) Thursday will mark three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen.
But there is little sign that being driven Yemen is or.
To Yemenis appear to be fleeing the country the dangerous trip in to the Horn of Africa -- a trip fleeing Africa the other way.
In Yemen the are fading as fears grow fighting.
The number of dead continues.
The weekend 385 civilians had been killed and 342 wounded.
Both killed and 2,191 wounded -- militant totals.
The Houthis forced President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January Hadi is working with other allies to return.
The Iranian Houthis.
Like the Iranians, the Houthis are Shiites.
The Saudis, Hadi and his government.
On March 26, Saudi airstrikes.
Officials killed more than 500 Houthi rebels.
The U.N. Security Council voted Tuesday in favor of an embargo on Houthis -- the minority over former President Ali Abdullah Saleh.
The resolution "raises the cost" for the Houthis, according to Grant.
In addition to the embargo, the resolution also pull back from includes sanctions aimed at the spread of terrorism.
From like of sanctions.
(CNN) Ines
A refugee left her home.
Throughout her, she managed to and discomforts.
But she never gave up, and she keep going.
She's the focus of Dumig's photo series. "
Dumig met Sahra through a photo workshop at,, refugees and victims.
What drew Dumig to Sahra specifically was her reflect on her experiences.
"It really impressed me how she,".
Here comes from. "
The in Germany most.
One of the reasons Dumig decided to photograph Sahra is Dumig realize that she lived.
Another reason has to do with Dumig's interest in people and finding one's identity.
"I realized so many people come to Europe and I always had to to go," said.
"live the world how privileged I am."
"Apart Together", about people.
The title of Dumig's work refers to feelings together.
"Sometimes sometimes we feel's universal, I think,".
To) story as well, not only it. "
Include search for valuable human.
CNNPhotos to about.
"have stories, they are a or".
"person, they are people with lives."
Sahra is meaning German may her.
Dumig describes Sahra as someone living through an unresolved situation.
The challenges as a refugee in Germany she is a of new life for herself.
To as.
An photographic puzzle, each within "" provides a piece of insight into Sahra's experiences.
Pieces they are a representation of of Sahra's life.
Many of are not herself, but instead show.
This "" symbolism and viewers develop their own perceptions.
The because nature as there are interpretations to each one.
"however way they experience.
's up to the viewer, said.
"It depends on who looks at the pictures
Everyone something different. "
"Together" allowed Dumig to share moments they were both able to learn from each other.
"It was something we" Dumig said.
(CNN) Two Delaware boys are in a coma and their father is unable to talk two weeks after they became sick exposure, officials say -- to the Virgin Islands, Saturday.
, His teenage sons and mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in St. where they were at.
The family was airlifted to hospitals in the United States.
The boys, 16 and 14, were in critical condition at a Philadelphia hospital on Saturday, James Maron said.
"The boys are in shape," said.
"The family are fighters," he added.
"everything right now.
's recovery.
Esmond, being treated at a hospital,, Maron said.
The,, was treated at a hospital, and is now in occupational therapy, Maron said.
Agency said Friday that a rented villa in have caused illnesses which were reported on March 20.
Paramedics were called to, the family had been since March 14.
Was found unconscious the and mother having seizures said.
The lawyer did not say.
Elias Rodriguez, an EPA spokesman, said the agency's preliminary test results "show that presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the."
Bromide can result in,, according to the EPA.
The pesticide is restricted in the United States because of its toxicity.
It's not allowed to be used indoors.
Only certified to certain agricultural settings
"It's an ongoing investigation on doing assessment," Rodriguez said.
"We have been doing air and wipe sampling."
Final results were expected next week.
EPA investigate whether the family was fumigation resort and whether any laws were violated.
The family's,.
, The villa where the family stayed rents between $550 and $1,200 per night.
Which acts as a rental agent for several units at Sirenusa said the one where the pests, was not treated.
The company said it licensed an outside company for pest control services.
"does not treat the units on licensed control" the company said in a statement.
The Department of Justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter, according to a U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission parent company Terminix.
In an email to CNN, Terminix wrote that the company is "to safe" and "."
"about the family and in wishing them a speedy recovery,".
Police in Marana, the shoplifted gun Valencia held through was locked and.
The't be, an officer was told by an employee of the Walmart gun and some rounds.
But just seconds after told police a shot.
Valencia fired and less than a car slammed into him in a move that ended a crime spree and sparked's tactic.
36-year-old Valencia was hospitalized days to where he faces charges, including shoplifting.
, Police said, Tucson before driving to Walmart in Marana.
The department,, told an employee he wanted the ammunition.
Officer who drove into suspect, The gave the he told her with the bullets.
He also told her not to do anything.
In she also said she didn't feel threatened shoplifting and robbery.
Marquez that the store acted alert call police.
Took the gun into a park where he encountered an officer in a patrol car.
At one point he pointed the weapon at an officer and at another at his head.
The officer put down the gun, police.
Officers assumed couldn't shoot because of the lock.
Police said the cable lock on the rifle when it was recovered.
But the wire through the the lever were loose enough to allow it to still be used, police said.
It also should have been wrapped the lever, not police said.
Spokesman told that police.
CNN player Jarret Stoll of Kings was arrested Friday at the swimming pool of a resort on a drug-possession charge, CNN affiliate KSNV reported, citing a police spokesman.
Stoll, 32, was charged with possession of controlled substances, cocaine and ecstasy,.
He was released Friday.
The Kings said in a statement, "We are aware of police reports,.
Our and has begun conducting a thorough internal investigation.
We are withholding comment at this time. "
The Canadian center has been with the Kings since 2008.
The won the Stanley Cup the past three seasons,.
Reportedly reporter Stars.
Duhok, Iraqi Kurdistan children laugh and shriek, as some of them seem to capacity to how the circumstances.
Their clothes provide splashes against the drab rows of tents.
Small for toys left behind fled, while others clamber through a jagged in the fence surrounding the refugee camp.
The Shariya refugee camp months ago, of some 4,000.
Thousands of Yazidis call this corner of Iraqi Kurdistan home, about 18 miles () of the ISIS one in what we are told.
The vast majority of the occupants,, fled back.
But not escaped.
ISIS took thousands of Yazidis captive.
Fighters separated women and girls, some as young as 8 years old, to be sold for their to.
Islam.
Mahmoud was out running errands when ISIS fighters arrived, Ahlam, -- the youngest a month old.
"They took jewelry, money,".
"They had guns.
They forced into trucks. "
They were taken to a school in Afar.
From there, the family moved from village to village -- and at one stage.
"They everyone and we want to in the fields herders," she says.
Ahlam family chose to herd.
They were residents had fled group.
In the Ahlam found cell former occupants and called her
"I said we are alive but we are."
Ahlam's husband until that moment had to live, family, says out.
Ahlam would when she could,, hiding under her bedcovers.
If she was caught, she would be killed.
The village was a prison,.
That two men,, tried to escape.
Caught were their bodies tied and driven.
The captives were forced to watch the gruesome spectacle.
The men's corpses were then tossed into a ditch and order not to bury them.
One of the Yazidi lives they.
Ahlam tells us that about a week before we met, ISIS fighters took her and other elderly people in the house.
"We didn't know where they were taking we would be next," she remembers.
She and the group realized that they had to try to flee.
"We decided that either we survive or we don't."
Left.
Cradled the baby children,, clutched her clothes.
Prayed, the children could.
They knew to take the route, they was toward.
"When I thought that's going to,".
"I?
't carry three and run. "
Luckily, had.
The group made.
The couple their when reunited.
Daughter's palm, says he could hardly believe that the stunning words he had fallen in love with,, were by his side again.
It had months.
Joy was Mahmoud's parents.
A few days after reunited, released.
No one.
60, a handful of men and the rest were -- including Mahmoud's parents.
"We didn't know if they what to do with us".
We stayed in days. "
Ahlam's parents are still with ISIS.
Vian Dakhil, a member of Iraq's parliament that are care for.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to the United States this week.
Addressing pleading for Yazidis.
Say we wish we had been massacred.
This would be kidnapped and raped.
We now over the fate of what is happening to these girls and women, Dakhil says
Now the government.
Get back.
It, if we were. "
Ahlam says she was spared because she was,, her unable to be a sex slave.
Ahlam ordeal.
It's the moment when the ISIS began taking the young women.
Surkhet, Nepal (CNN), with her high school diploma, left New Jersey to travel the world.
She lived in a Buddhist monastery,, then went to India and worked with Nepalese refugees.
She met a young girl who wanted to find her family.
Doyne went with her.
When life took.
Do you?
CNN Heroes A decade-long war in the country, Doyne witnessed its effects.
She met women and children, struggling to survive.
"It changed," said,.
"There were children with that would go pick up and break into little, little ().
They were doing that, every day. "
Her and wire the $5,000 she earned.
In 2006, she purchased land in Surkhet,.
She worked for years with the local community to build the Kopila Children's Home.
Today, Kopila -- "" -- is home to children from infants to teenagers.
Started the Foundation to grow.
In 2010, the group Valley School, which educates students.
Doyne lives in Nepal year-round.
See CNN CNN Heroes traveled to Surkhet and talked to Doyne about her and the community.
An.
CNN: How does it work, raising nearly 50 kids?
Maggie It's communal living for sure!
're a family of kids.
Everybody just in helps each other.
They all have their chores.
They all have their duties.
And everybody cooks the meals together and makes sure that they do their part to make the home.
At home, we the uncles.
We wake up in the morning and go to school.
Bed.
CNN: How does a child come to live?
Priority to keep a child family.
In order to have lost both parents or in some cases have neglect,.
To conduct a investigation.
So going to the child's,, documentation and paperwork.
We have birth certificates, death certificates, make sure that the that does.
CNN: you have children attending school.
What is their background?
Doyne: Every year we applicants.
The are most in school.
Most of them live in one room,.
A lot of them.
To relieve the burden so the food education.
CNN: What have you learned working with?
Early from the beginning, I and just be like, "
What. "
That doesn't work.
It has to has to be organic.
From the community "
It's really is a Nepali, working for Nepal,.
So that are women and amazing Nepali role-model.
CNN: How does the project continue?
We school.
We run the school.
Then we needed kids really healthy so we started then.
From there we started sustainable.
We decided to start a center.
We bought a new property to green sustainable.
This year we.
So school and a day preschool and a thriving everything moving forward.
It's become more than just a girl and.
It's become a community.
Hope this sets a precedent for what can be and look like.
Want to get involved?
(CNN) ESPN suspended her a employee Thursday.
Sports network announced her suspension.
An apology on Twitter, saying she to get away a.
"I said insulting and regrettable."
"As frustrated as I was,.
She wrote.
By a surveillance camera, says to an employee at a register: "
(expletive).
Employee tells McHenry she doesn't.
"why and she says.
"like.
Makes my skin crawl being here. "
McHenry teeth they hire me? "
The employee says something about McHenry's hair and of.
Back, saying,,, 'cause they look stunning you, honey.
Lose.
CNN reached out to the but didn't hear immediately back.
The video was first posted on the said the incident.
Twitter hashtag firebrittmchenry.
Reporter several on-air suspended in the past months.
In February was most of a week after a Twitter spat that the anchor of Penn State.
Bill Simmons was suspended in September for three weeks for.
Commentator Stephen Smith suspended week referred to victims.
How responded McHenry is based and the incident happened the.
McHenry joined ESPN.
At the time of her hiring, ESPN senior director of news, Vince Doria, praised her for interviews.
"In time, Britt has established a strong, aggressive reporting area to big interviews," said.
A benefit to ESPN with our bureau reporters, she will be assigned to the country. "
Before ESPN was with WJLA.
McHenry joined sports.
To an Northwestern.
In medical marijuana.
And mystery behind it, Dr. Sanjay Gupta some insight.
He's been investigating marijuana for the last couple of years.
His resulted in "," airing PT Sunday.
Opened up questions on Twitter.
What to affect?
Were curious about the effects of medical marijuana in ailments, how it could help with everything conditions.
Out 10 where medical marijuana could have an helped to, he also referenced other studies.
He said the potential of marijuana for PTSD the subject.
The: It could suppress dream recall and allow those sufferers.
There is also research into how the drug.
Who, painkiller overdose is the greatest death in the United States,.
Why don't doctors talk about it?
The questions around medical marijuana can be tied back to the fact that it.
Marijuana remains taboo in.
But also presented science showing what weed.
Also know why marijuana.
Decades of misinformation,.
What are the drawbacks?
With marijuana so misunderstood, a fear of effects.
Are legitimate, developing brain,,, has marijuana.
Isn't it dangerous?
When confronted with questions in about marijuana, he used to believe marijuana is dangerous benefits.
(CNN) It's Tom Brady's love for model Gisele Bundchen,.
Bundchen time Wednesday, the Patriots quarterback wasn't just there to support her in person, he expressed his to the world on Facebook.
"Congratulations Love of my Life," wrote.
You inspire me every day to be a better person.
I am so proud of everything you have accomplished on the runway.
Never more and the way.
To amaze.
Loves.
I can't.
I love you. "
Followed with hashtags, GOAT ("greatest of all time").
Bundchen, 34, announced the.
"I am grateful that at 14, I was given the opportunity to.
Years in the industry, is last fashion show choice be the Brazilian-born wrote.
Supermodel Gisele Bundchen struts her time model with 47 million.
Carolina.
Bundchen have been married since 2009.
The couple.
What's next for Bundchen?
Based on an interview she did with Estado newspaper, sounds like more time with.
"I want to be with my family more and focus on," she said.
(CNN) The boy who asked a church to help him find a has.
Desperate for a home in 2013, Davion Henry Only dressed up in a suit and a Bible home.
A St. Petersburg, Florida, plea for his own adoption.
16 years old, had lived his entire life in foster care,.
The older he got, the less likely it was he would be.
But his journey and his plea went viral.
, And a minster's family in Ohio asked him to live with them.
Got into of their and they sent.
Wasn't forever in that case.
To people who asked what went wrong, his social worker had the answer
Boy spent his life in what went wrong Times.
Photo helps gets For, he went through four more foster homes and wouldn't what.
He reached out to Going, who 7
Asked her to adopt, but didn't think she could be.
She already had three children, ages 21 and 14.
But in latest call, she knew say yes.
Three children.
A larger moved home after his mom passed.
His adoption date is April 22.
"I guess I always thought of you as my mom,".
In South Africa have forced thousands to flee, the government said.
"We again condemn the maiming and killing of parts," the government said.
No anger can justify attacks and looting. "
Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after machetes attacked immigrants in Durban.
Durban killed two immigrants, authorities said.
Armed police to stop clashes accused other African.
The government praised law enforcement agencies for stopping further bloodshed in Durban.
"We believe that has prevented that have happened" it said.
Xenophobic not South Africans
"There has been an outpouring of support from ordinary South Africans who are disgusted with the attacks because they are,,," charity, is helping those seeking refuge.
The 8,500 fled violence.
South Africa implored citizens to remember the country's history of with support.
"many South Africans fled persecution at the hands of the Apartheid government," it said.
Home for South Africans "
President Jacob Zuma has trip displaced foreign nationals in to his, the government said.
The Givers charity assured that it has shelter.
"We have tents all on standby but pray that this does not become necessary," it said.
In the past, Johannesburg has been the epicenter of anti-immigrant tensions.
In 2008 were killed in attacks in the poorest areas of Johannesburg.
The victims were Zimbabweans who.
Attack, police arrested 200.
A group of young men to "" prosecutors said Monday.
21 were arrested Sunday.
"What's remarkable was these," said M..
"They were not young.
Were.
These are focused on joining a terrorist organization. "
Recruiting the terrorist network is a particular problem in's community.
"People often ask who is doing the recruiting catch the person".
But it is not that simple.
Today's case is group recruiting.
They're we recruiting. "
Adnan Farah, 19, and were arrested in Minneapolis.
Abdirahman Daud,, were arrested in San Diego after of crossing into Mexico, Luger said.
They plotted for months, Luger said
Co-conspirators were caught and continued to seek ways to leave a group. "
Another friend of the group, became a cooperating witness for the FBI,, said.
The investigation has who has pleaded guilty to conspiring to provide material support to ISIS and has been indicted on charges of conspiring to provide material support to is according to the complaint.
The man identified as "," who spent time in Syria helped six accused men.
Four men appeared in federal court on Monday but did not enter a plea.
A detention hearing Wednesday.
(CNN) A fallen tree in the roadway was Jason Warnock's first clue.
Warnock was driving through a canyon, Idaho on Wednesday when he, looked up to see an SUV dangling over the edge of a cliff.
Thing terrified driver from a 30-foot drop was a chain-link clinging to Canyon Road.
"I hanging trying to out or the door open and I was like, only like five were hanging," Warnock told,.
"I was do and no one was."
What Warnock did next, in a dramatic photo by Tribune photographer the world.
From his car and scrambled up Yukon 23-year-old Matthew who appeared to be in shock.
I got up was like, 'Are you?'
, Yeah.
I grabbed multi-tool and it jagged.
I hit it didn't.
Thing rocked was off, told KXLY.
Sitko was to passenger-side.
Warnock then reached -- a's.
Then disappeared.
"I left and got out of there before anyone knew," he said.
An Samaritan, his identity, picture of the Lewiston paper and the Internet.
"I don't feel like I deserve any credit or anything,.
Did right back to work. "
Thanks to Warnock, Sitko went to the hospital with minor injuries.
"The Lewiston Police Department would like Warnock in,".
Joy is taking part in her first class day at the Kremlin, her legs up to her head,.
She eats one after another -- a of energy.
The dancer, raised in California her parents she arrived in Russia six years ago,,.
She studied at the Bolshoi Ballet and was first accepted into the company.
But she under media reports suggested was unnamed Boshoi official.
The stands comments made at the time by its general director Vladimir.
He asked the dancer to make an official complaint and defend her position legally, the theatre facts are established. "
The dancer did not pursue the Bolshoi.
When she left Bolshoi in 2013, Womack where she works,, as a principal ballerina dancing close to the Russian president's office, red walls.
The may pay dancer says 240 a month -- a day.
The dancer says the money she makes month the has suffered and sanctions.
Says with accommodation says she has to make money in order.
For a salary it is difficult.
You have to worth more for experience.
I'm at a point where worth.
In wings stage Russian to other dancers before her rehearsal she has to make bank account the next few weeks.
Money she dances roles in events.
The Kremlin Ballet says Womack's to her as a and "are paid" but paid equivalent rate. "
An, says she is paid her and treated just.
But she says that is not always the case.
"It's extremely difficult to watch the Russia.
About working for a Russian are... ballet more nationalistic cover "
Although relations between the U.S. and Russia have taken a nosedive since Russia's annexation of Crimea last March, says she is "very loyal" to the Kremlin Ballet.
"I love the Russian system and I'm very patriotic in that sense," she says.
(CNN) is a majestic bird.
Standing 5 feet tall with wingspan it a protector.
It knows the residents and away from strangers.
"They are intelligent birds.
Time would fly away, photographer Bouldry said.
The dirty, wet conditions of the landfill attracted, Bouldry.
Photos taken a day what it's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in India.
The Boragaon landfill is located in the, about Bangladesh.
's acres of mostly fresh waste swamplands.
Other landfills, Bouldry says,, trash.)
For the past seven years, Bouldry has traveled the world photographing landfills.
He visited places,.
Bouldry Boragaon connected people.
About 100 families inside the landfill.
They search the area -- a tiny scrap, of plastic,.
They use large sort reaches two or three stories high.
They work in teams and often are barefoot.
They don't look unsanitary or unsafe,.
They collect and wires and sell.
Families make around.
Their homes are constructed by recycled families living in one shanty at a time.
With no electricity, running water -- are experts at repurposing.
".
CNNPhotos on Twitter the photography.
Some living in Boragaon go on, landfill to provide for their families.
But don't be deceived: people.
Bouldry uses words such as "love," "".
"I found that the community is" said.
"They are by modern."
Bouldry works the landfill in the world.
He helps grow gardens he makes from local smoothie shops.
Few.
Why?
School.
He's no stranger to sophisticated.
He said he found humanitarian photo projects the most fulfilling intrigued landfills even though they are "."
"This is my 'thank you' to the informal recyclers of the world," he said.
Timothy Bouldry is a photographer based in New Hampshire.
(CNN) Wealthy Nigerians used to travel abroad to get their fix of luxury goods.
However these days, they can take in Lagos where brands like Porsche and streets.
The Nigerian city is among African metropolises which have seen some of the highest millionaires on the continent.
Others include Luanda, Dar es Salaam and Accra, which is predicted to nearly double its millionaire count from 800 in 2012 to 1,500 in 2020.
These cities of African hubs,.
These affluence spread from Johannesburg in the south, Lagos in the west and Nairobi in the east north.
This emerging class of Africa millionaires has demand for the continent, with sales growing between 2008 and 2013.
No longer southern Africa, traditionally the wealthiest part of the continent.
Nigeria the fastest growing markets Champagne and digital according to a report, and's Nigerian its South African stores.
"Africa is fastest growing, says head a market research provider
It's due to mix also in markets. "
Luxury brands tend to enter markets benefiting from knowledge of their partners but control how is marketed in that country.
"Getting a brand new market the operating environment would be very dangerous,".
Spite of potential, luxury in Africa is dependent "It rely on the environment such as security and how," she says.
When it comes to what they choose to cash, Africa's rich like to stick to well-known labels that an of.
"the brands will be somebody in the, markets.
, Gucci, Prada, says.
She adds that to typical luxury is much younger such as Western tend to be in.
"They are in their thirties so it's very much they will be looking towards luxury showing status and success," says.
However, mainstream's dominance, home-grown labels see the growth in luxury.
"Africa has the that real luxury," says Martin Leke luxury brand.
We have the we have the we have rich culture that date years,, and thousands of know-how.
So continent where you have the raw material and the know-how, but missing is the link to luxury.
"Now is the time you need to start positioning yourself, Africa is for sure," she adds.
The Tuskegee syphilis experiment from the 1930s?
Scientists studied in Alabama contracted venereal disease but didn't tell do anything.
A lawsuit filed this week alleges Johns Hopkins helped conduct a study 1945.
Inmates and prostitutes were deliberately infected with diseases to determine,, the lawsuit says.
The subjects of the experiments lawsuit says others.
The suit seeks more than $1 billion in damages and has 774 plaintiffs,.
This is the second attempt to collect damages.
In 2012, a lawsuit was filed against the government over the Guatemala by the U.S..
A judge dismissed it, saying the sue the grievances.
The lawsuit was filed in the.
Johns Hopkins filed statements on their websites condemning the experiments but denying responsibility.
"The claim is that prominent Johns Hopkins faculty members government committee funding applications was research and that," the said.
True. "
The lawsuit alleges the Rockefeller Foundation, scientists.
The lawsuit Rockefeller Foundation said 'association'. "
The suit says Johns Hopkins Foundation, the.
Pharmaceutical company's owner,, also defendants.
The pharmaceutical company supplied the suit says.
For Bristol-Myers Squibb statement: "
Important role and we continue our medicines.
A take this matter very seriously. "
Doubts the experiments happened.
The experiments, unethical. "
Government followed a policy of funding scientific medical research but controlling individual doctors, the suit says.
The lawsuit says controlled the appointed authorized venereal disease.
Lawsuit says prostitutes were syphilis spirochetes injected into the spinal fluid of subjects.
A woman in hospital had gonorrhea from a male subject injected into both eyes, the suit says.
The lawsuit doesn't say why the experiments ended.
The were were not revealed until the Presidential Commission for a letter to President investigation, the suit says.
Here you go, galaxy.
The Force.
At an emotional event in California, director J.J. Abrams and the "Star Wars" cast showed audience then the presentation film.
The audience, cheered and applauded.
The cast was appreciative of.
"You're more than fans.
're family, Mark Hamill told the crowd.
Carrie Fisher there,.
're "retired," she said.
Airline unveils' Star Wars' 787 like R2-D2 emoji,, the droid rolled around the stage, to the audience.
It wasn't, either, as much of,, was on.
Twitter.
CNNMoney '' "
CNN Hanks audience.
Five takeaways:
Han flies The trailer ended in a big way with Chewbacca a flight on the Millennium Falcon.
The reaction room fans seeing Ford.
End.
2.
That's not Abrams their shooting location the Skywalker of Tatooine, as believed.
's Jakku, where the early action movie takes place.
) and's.
3.
Luke and Leia Isaac a hint that is sent on a mission by "," and we're one.
Leia and Luke aren't seen in the trailer, but we hear's he presumably other.
New.
4.
's less CGI than the Abrams said proud "and is" effects at Magic.
,.
5.
Empire.
Chills.
"Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" actress Kim Richards is accused of kicking after being arrested Thursday morning.
Richards was taken into custody Hotel security bothering a.m. police entered a restroom.
"arrest," police entered the restroom and took Richards into custody.
"Richards was intoxication including the officers arrest," police said in a statement.
Richards kicked one of the officers in the leg was not injured.
Richards is expected to face charges, Beverly Hills Police Department.
She has been released.
A Richards has returned.
Richards reportedly entered rehab for "serious issues" after deemed the reality show, her sister Kyle Richards.
Star Paris Hilton
'real of prison appeared in's "Escape to Witch Mountain of Color" as a child and was a frequent guest star though her acting career.
She in the 2006 film "."
Two deputies in fatal attempt to arrest Harris in,, Sheriff said Monday in a news conference.
The deputies were trying to arrest Harris when Reserve Deputy Robert Bates shot him.
, Charged with a crime, have come under criticism the said breath. "
Police appear "" in response.
Sheriff said he was "very concerned" for their safety and that of their families.
He did not say the deputies had been assigned.
Another sheriff has temporarily suspended operations of the agency the review Harris.
He has not yet decided how to review, saying the case Bates.
Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in Harris' death.
Bates, who is on $25,000 bond pending trial, shot his after calling out "," -- to a a brief with deputies.
Questions about -- 73 with Glanz, Bates has said the shooting was accidental and has apologized to the family.
Lawyer for Tulsa Monday, Glanz apologized to Harris' family.
"," he said.
But he said holds said FBI any civil rights violations.
Bates is white.
Harris was black.
There have been allegations, first reported by the Tulsa World newspaper, that Bates records or that he was unqualified on the force.
Sheriff denied certain Bates had qualified on training.
He said he was unaware of involving and said he had not issued has.
But he said he supported prosecutor's decision to proceed.
Dallas police previously policies and procedures.
(CNN) The teenager who gunned down a Oklahoma because he and two friends "had nothing to do" is now a convicted murderer.
Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder Friday in the 2013 shooting of Lane in City.
Luna was 16 at the time of the shooting.
An attending East Central University, was shot by a gun fired by Luna.
A jury recommended that spend life in prison without the possibility of parole, according to court records.
Because he was under 18 when the crime was committed, he is eligible for the death penalty.
Sentenced in June.
, Jones, pleaded guilty to second-degree murder and was sentenced to life in prison.
Jones, who was 17 at the time,, according to the Department of Corrections.
Prosecutors dropped first-degree murder the,, after he agreed to testify and according to KSWO.
As a juvenile murder fact.
Police Chief Danny told radio station 3AW the teens offered a motive that that,,
"We have anything to do somebody."
Appeared as deputies led out of the courtroom in handcuffs to.
A Japanese court has issued a injunction halting plans to restart two nuclear reactors, citing safety concerns,.
Japan's nuclear watchdog, the Nuclear Regulation Authority, had previously given a green light to the reopening of the plant.
But locals in Prefecture, where the plant is located, raising concerns about whether the reactors earthquake.
Japan's reactors are in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011, when a tsunami triggered a massive power.
The island nation has imported energy.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy, arguing it is essential to the economic recovery to reduce the utility bills.
Opinion polls have shown opposition to a nuclear.
Keith of, says the decision will force Abe to rethink.
A blow] no longer a political issue, it's a legal issue.
It changes the calculus and the he said.
It the courts.
The government is. "
Fukushima plant activists celebrated Court's decision Tuesday.
The nuclear operator had safe meeting introduced by the nuclear watchdog following the Fukushima disaster.
It said in a statement that "findings" showed that the safety of the reactors was assured.
But the court ruled the were "" could not guarantee the safety of the plant, an official said.
The company said it would appeal the decision.
"We deeply regret that our well cannot," it said.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters that the country's nuclear watchdog had to the "".
The government had no intention to change its nuclear restart, he said.
Takahama was one of two nuclear facilities granted approval to resume operations.
Nuclear power plant in Prefecture to's governor seeking challenge.
Analyst said the renewable energy sector could benefit from the Takahama.
Fukushima disaster, about Japan's energy.
) The Blackwater, eight years after they killed 17 civilians in Baghdad, is a positive step for justice -- but also not enough.
The kind represented by the case and others -- from Abu Ghraib to to waterboarding -- may be West these days, but it is being used by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS.
ISIS has been using cases of Western abuse to legitimize its current actions in Iraq as the latest episodes in a "Sunni resistance" to "American aggression" "" phrased in ISIS "" of ISIS 2003.
As the Iraqi struggles to regain Sunnis in intra-Sunni trust -- American by ISIS should be a sobering reminder of the importance of good governance in the unrest in Iraq.
The accountability in in Iraq Ghraib fuelled sectarian tension in the country -- and the benefits.
The U.S. poured money into not fair distribution of power by the Iraqi government.
Government Sunni.
The United States was relying on firms like Blackwater without implementing measures to.
It also the way its own troops were treating Iraqis.
Contributed a sense by ISIS to its version of Iraqi history.
"The Revived Caliphate," Abu Ghraib times the place where Sunnis who resisted of by Shiites who collaborated with the Americans.
The publication first attacks Abu Ghraib Qaeda in Iraq (AQI) -- ISIS predecessor -- imprisoned "Sunnis" who had been detained by the Americans.
It then presents the Sahwa () of when Sunni fight intra-Sunni that led over "the Americans were severe torture in the the prisons," according to the publication.
To by ISIS to free those who had been "'a" (as the publication puts it) over ten years.
A history in the category of "enemy," is that in Iraq injustices against Sunnis. "
By Blackwater, like the, Shiite.
The repackaging of by ISIS -- in which the Saddam Hussein regime is reinvented as a "Sunni" regime that tried to stand up to the United States and its allies nuances.
Abu ISIS, juxtaposed with images of civilian deaths as a result of U.S. airstrikes, are of.
They are reinforced with America today as the force of the Shi'a. "
It is becoming clear that ISIS cannot be defeated in Iraq without Sunnis.
Without Sunni help, ISIS will frame the conflict as one where Sunnis are once again being attacked by the U.S. Shiites -- as Shiite militias have become a key part of the fight in.
Out, the U.S. and Iraqi governments are counting on the establishment of a Iraqi national guard and hoping to the to re-engage and unify the umbrella.
Those unless steps are taken to ensure that governance measures are in place to hold Iraqis and the coalition to account.
This should not apply in the context of the current conflict Abu Ghraib and not repeated -- the dust settles.
(CNN) Debates on climate change can.
Activities are changing the climate, and those.
A new way to talk about climate change, from discussions about power plants to a very personal one: your health.
It's easy to debates involving major corporations, but who wouldn't stop to think -- and do something about their own health or the health of their children?
Climate change -- health issues -- was part of discussion Tuesday at.
President Obama joined U.S.
Surgeon General Vivek Murthy and EPA a on the topic of Public Health Week.
"I've always known that environment has an impact," the President told CNN's Sanjay Gupta
"I remember in 1979, the air was so bad that you couldn't go outside," Obama said.
"You have air quality alerts, and people who had respiratory problems were stay.
We took action better. "
"There are a health impacts that are going to hit home, so protecting," Obama continued.
"vulnerable.
't off from air climate.
Murthy revealed to asthma is a personal issue as a severe attack when he was younger.
"It's also many patients who have suffered from asthma and it can be for,".
"difficult for families.
Climate change could make the situation worse. "
"," said Deese, a senior adviser.
Cited a recent study by the American Thoracic Society that reported climate change is contributing to more problems among their patients.
"The good news is that in addition to having public schools joining together to impact their, for example, asthma instances ahead of time," Obama told Gupta.
"What we have is to take releasing and start so that, potentially, families monitor the air quality in communities."
Communities doctors the impacts of climate change "
The impacts of climate change on health depend on a multitude of factors, according to the Environmental Protection Agency.
"These factors include the effectiveness of public health and prepare for behavior, gender, and economic status of individuals affected," the EPA says.
Will vary by region of populations and exposure to impacts, and society's ability to adapt. "
The World Health Organization estimates climate change will cause an additional 250,000 deaths per year between 2030 and 2050.
"perish malaria heat exposure
"Around the world are affecting, we breathe, the food we eat and the water we drink," writes Dr., WHO
"We are losing our capacity to sustain human life in good health."
Consider air pollution, the single greatest environmental health risk.
In pollutants killed 7 million people in eight deaths worldwide.
Each year in the regions.
Rising temperatures and rainfall patters, compromising food security.
Are increasing in intensity, disease-carrying insects.
Like malaria are sensitive to heat.
What will happen if rising temperatures accelerate the the malaria parasite? "
"Children and elderly will be the most vulnerable," Neira.
Areas with infrastructure will be least able to cope.
Developing countries hit.
The gaps we have grow even wider. "
Earth's average temperature has risen by 1.4 degrees Fahrenheit over the past century and is projected to rise an additional 2 degrees over the next hundred years, according to the EPA.
"shifts in climate and weather, agency warns
Many have seen changes, resulting in more droughts,, as well as more frequent heat waves.
A sizable group of people doubt climate change is happening
"Although scientists have been global weather, Americans are than" according to a Gallup poll.
A 2013 TIME magazine article makes the case the best for global warming.
"Framing a public issue rather than an environmental one produces the response, since it focuses on the immediate implications have on people's lives," the article says.
The benefit of providing that the problems can be addressed if. "
The President said Los Angeles' air proved that point.
"When the Clean Air Act was passed, not only was there a terrible smog, it was true in most areas across the country," Obama said
"The fact is that air quality has dramatically improved and it's much cheaper, because it.
The American people, the mountains. "
"We know how to do this," Obama said.
(CNN) Mike Rowe is a near you.
"," Rowe says.
On Thursday "" Pregracke, the founder of Lands & Waters, does just that.
Wants's one of.
His quota?
More. "
's Facebook on how to break litter.
Since he founded in 1998 at the age of 23, Pregracke volunteers have collected 8.4 million pounds from U.S. waterways.
Of the Year, along with other honors.
"there stream whatever needs to be cleaned up, do it.
Organize told Cooper after.
Gives Rowe a tour of the 150-foot, solar-powered the Living Lands home.
The,, bathrooms, a classroom and a kitchen -- to be from a recycled strip.
According to the organization, has made it his mission in 2015 to remove pounds of trash.
(CNN),: How can a volunteer sheriff's deputy instead, killing a man?
That's apparently what happened in Tulsa, Oklahoma, when a deputy, Bates.
Said he meant to stun up instead.
"!
I shot him.
I'm sorry, said in video.
But it's happened before.
In a well-publicized 2009 case, a Rapid Transit police officer fired his gun instead of his Taser, killing 22-year-old.
Mehserle testified that he meant to use his Taser but drew his gun instead.
Years in prison for.
So how easy -- or hard -- is a handgun instead of a Taser?
Here say the gun should be on the officer side of the should be side.
So if an officer is left-handed, the.
Attorney said left-handed.
The reserve said his gun was holstered on his right side --.
"I guns right handed," Bates said to investigators.
Was his Taser, he "," said Clark Brewster, attorney.
"He saw the laser sight on the the Taser, said.
"Both the gun and the a sight, and he just made a mistake."
Also said his client was holding a pepper gun.
In his statement to investigators, Bates said he had grabbed "" to slow or stop running away.
Bates did not say the Taser was on his body.
He admitted to grabbing the device and said he was "startled" by the recoil of the gun.
"After realizing what happened I was in shock" he told investigators.
Bates is now charged with second-degree manslaughter.
Prison.
Deputy who shot Eric Harris turns himself in was his personal .357 and Model Taser, he said.
Attorneys said two devices.
One held up a black followed by a mostly gun.
There's way the firm Roytman.
X26 comes in different designs.
Some are mostly are black.
All than Smith &.
Sgt.
The Tulsa Police Department is the said of something called capture. "
A intends to do.
A expert told CNN the claim amounts to "junk science."
No that would support this
...
It's not generally accepted by the scientific community, said Phil an assistant professor of criminal justice at Bowling Green State University.
"So it's something that would not be admissible as evidence."
An attorney for the family said the "slip and capture" theory hasn't held up in court.
"The only and capture has a defense was the ()," the attorney said.
That defense.
Tasers feel and look different than guns, according to Taser.
At Taser noted some differences:.
A Taser has a different grip and feel.
When you take the safety off a Taser, control panel lights.
There's more: Tasers can be different colors (), and the holster is different from a gun's.
The field where an officer outside of said.
Taser's training calls for the stun gun to be placed on an officer's nondominant side,.
Training suggests that officers Taser!
Taser!
Taser "
As they prepare.
These guidelines in -- officer -- the body which weapon it is for.
It is up to law enforcement department, however, how personnel and what as far on.
The company declined to comment on the Tulsa shooting in particular.
The, conducted electrical weapons by have Tuttle said are designed to be used in situations considered death.
(CNN) Gov.
Fallin signed a bill on Friday that nitrogen.
A loss of death from's office said in a release.
CNN affiliate says it's never been used in an execution in the United States.
"within eight to 10 seconds and death a few minutes later.
In other words painless death said the bill's authors, according to.
Robert, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center, told "".
"The in reflects the same lack of Oklahoma has managed its execution," he said.
Oklahoma's executions have been put on hold while the Supreme Court reviews its use of lethal injections.
Last year, the state when kill convicted.
Fallin reaffirmed her support for the death penalty.
"Oklahoma executes murderers whose crimes are especially heinous".
"policy I believe capital punishment must be performed effectively and without cruelty.
The bill I signed gives the state of death penalty meets that standard. "
(CNN) There are two paths to practicing medicine in America.
There's the traditional,, where new doctors graduate and a national training for resident physicians.
Then there's in Florida and Arizona: legislature.
Lawmakers in states to orchestrate medical practice.
In physicians who ask patients about gun.
A scientifically health.
Asking about them is standard practice in psychiatry.
Treat injuries, things unsafe,.
And handling weapons.
I treat injuries bullets fired by family members themselves.
Does anyone believe I talk in these cases?
Good thing in Florida.
Was into court soon after upheld the law last about 11th Circuit Court of Appeals the case that president of the chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics,, told.
A case.
In another assault on physician free speech.
Bill 1318 goes beyond silencing doctors.
It lie.
The bill was originally hum-drum abortion, state.
Slid in a that physicians who prescribe the abortion pill tell patients the.
That's the opinion of a San Diego doctor who can be risky large doses of progesterone.
But the doctor hasn't and not recommended by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists or the Food and Drug Administration.
Any doctor is certainly within his or her rights to the information available about and discuss it with patients, to claims believe to be legislators overstepping their bounds and.
I cannot imagine anyone attempting to put words into the mouth of a lawyer privately consulting with a client.
Why are physicians putting up with the would permit?
Arizona chapter of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists amendment she was scheduled to testify about the bill before the Arizona House.
Planned Parenthood and the ACLU her the bill both.
A common relationship laws, turning into spokespeople.
Laws on controversial issues divide.
Physicians don't share the same opinions on abortion more than they vote.
The the key physicians aren't battling.
Is to the specialties most affected.
In Florida, that's the state chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics likely to ask home.
In Arizona, it state the physician.
The Florida Medical Association, and the Arizona Medical Association in. "
Representing physicians the state have political clout.
The Massachusetts Society (MSS) recently "" to the issue, highlighting the threat's.
The precedent.
Arizona.
The American Medical Association can.
It a the legal challenge but at hasn't weighed in on Arizona.
The Coalition to hard on the laws as medical.
Its huge lobbying operations are in Washington while states are the main battleground over the medical practice.
AMA has won the "" Medicare cuts to doctors, it will consider some of its lobbying stand in the medical profession.
Surgeon General Vivek Murthy is on a national listening tour while he prepares to announce areas of policy focus,, a Health and Human Services spokesman told me.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) A suicide bomber blew himself up in front of the Jalalabad early Saturday, a government spokesman said.
ISIS group claimed responsibility for the attack.
The explosion killed 33 people and injured others spokesman Najibullah said.
The appears to be the first in Afghanistan by ISIS said.
It was made by an offshoot called ISIS Wilayat.
In a statement, the group said the bomber was named Mohammad and he.
He was targeting at the bank, the terrorists said.
He detonated his charge at rush hour on the day the bank expected.
Taliban spokesman, in a text message to journalists, distanced the attack.
"Jalalabad doesn't have anything to do with us and we condemn it," he said.
ISIS refers to Afghanistan. "
In March, Afghanistan.
The United Nations condemned the violence.
The continuing use of suicide attacks numbers Afghan civilians said, the United Nations.
Nations said in the first three months of the year were wounded throughout the country.
About ISIS involvement this year.
A former Taliban commander who had become a recruiter for ISIS in Afghanistan was killed in a drone strike, according to officials who spoke to CNN.
Same week, Gen. John Campbell, the top U.S. and NATO commander in Afghanistan, told the Senate Armed Services Committee that he was concerned about the growth of ISIS in the area.
Campbell said members -- ISIS.
(CNN) French customs officers say they have seized 2 tons of cocaine aboard American in the Caribbean.
The drugs, whose value is estimated at more than $105 million, are the cocaine seizure by French authorities, said Michael Lachaux, director of customs operations in Martinique.
And two citizens were on board the vessel of Martinique, Lachaux said in an interview with on Saturday.
Martinique overseas France.
Recently, Kennedy makes it harder for parents to opt out of vaccinations.
In his remarks movie, he decided to compare "vaccine-induced" autism.
"They get shot, they their" Kennedy said.
Holocaust. "
A, to people outraged on the memory of the Holocaust.
's sacrilege issue.
In a statement, Kennedy said, "I want to apologize to all whom I offended by my use of the word autism epidemic.
During an impromptu speech to convey the catastrophic tragedy, has. "
The wrong.
First,.
Nothing to do with.
Autism are "gone" families. "
Autism is not a death sentence.
People with autism are missing or destroyed.
They are, in a society that too often,.
's a problem even beyond fraudulent vaccines.
People believe autism to cure with treatments like giving them bleach-based enemas.
Believing autism as a death sentence,.
I having a high-profile political class endorse this demeaning depiction of autism.
To autistic activists.
, The Autistic Self-Advocacy Network wrote, "Robert Kennedy Jr, who has engaged only lies, misinformation and, in efforts to improve the lives of Americans.
While his uncle and others in the people, he has cast his lot with to question our humanity. "
These are harsh words, but to.
Not only is perpetuating a but he it and sometimes becoming autistic.
The usual response to Ne that he is "high" of burden who are struggling to care for less able individuals?
Henry Frost, an autistic teenager, is devastated by this focus on burden.
Last year, he wrote a post autistic: "you are not a or for being.
A person who has right to be.
A family is wrong.
Wrong.
Not.
Meanwhile,, disabled, the autism, every day, but happy, and the human I have.
What is.
. "
As, Sequenzia and Frost might well have the as "".
Clearly, are.
The in autism as part of diversity.
Michael., an autistic Autonomous The neurodiversity movement is a counter.
It is a way experiences the world natural in human development are just that natural.
That unsupported less worthy, than other ways. "
I wish much demeaned as he defended the sacred status of the Holocaust.
Though, the Holocaust consider.
The first Nazis systematically exterminated,, people and disabilities.
Children and adults were groundwork for the.
Action the belief that people with disabilities value.
Those by.
Iraqi and U.S.-led coalition forces successfully ousted oil refinery, the coalition said Sunday.
Iraqi security forces regained full control of the refinery, the Combined Joint Task Force said.
A ISIS controlled part of the facility, posting images online that.
Iraq is working to's the task force said in a statement.
Over, coalition airstrikes in the area, the statement said.
, Peshmerga -- the 84 square kilometers (32 square miles) of territory,.
Peshmerga force of Kurdistan.
Reporting at least 35 ISIS terrorists were killed during the offensive, the council said in a statement.
The goal was to push ISIS "ability to threaten the security of Kirkuk province," the statement said.
(CNN) A couple led a baby boy were underneath a Bonney Lake suburb, when motorists of a pending.
A construction crashed onto the family car, killing and,, authorities said.
"so it was impossible to tell how many victims.
The only could tell there was one victim, said Lake KOMO.
It took Monday to remove to discover the toll underneath State Route 410, authorities said.
Authorities investigation an a side barrier "came loose and fell onto the roadway," Green told the station.
", on the roof of the vehicle," Green added.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis were youth pastors at,, the church said.
Wrote a short on the church We love to.
We are passionate about seeing the love that on.
"We get excited about coffee, time with friends and basketball team to,".
Dates IKEA. "
Lead Pastor said his church was reeling.
Stunned!
Shocked!
Wounded.
We know they are in the loving arms of our King! "
Ludlow said on the Facebook page.
Motorist Dawn Nelson was driving behind Ellis.
"just a second or two, told.
"I could hear crunch and came down."
Neighbors recounted a violent collapse.
"I thought a semi had come down in front," neighbor Katie Vance told the station.
She felt the crash.
"It was a sound and very heavy sound -.
Whole, told the.
A second robotic crippled Fukushima has captured images.
Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) deployed the robot week after the first down.
The robot detected radiation levels and cooling systems were working according to a statement by TEPCO.
"forward towards the work can earn necessary for the investigation,", Fukushima plant.
TEPCO said yellow seen on the images.
It said the green glow could be seen filmed.
Were sent in to assess the damage the reactors that.
TEPCO says the site workers.
The first robot, which was sent on April 10, stalled after moving about 10 meters, according to a.
A report footage from the object had blocked its path and left it stranded.
Decided to cut the cable to the device on April 12 it already collected data in 14 locations, of the route.
The second robot was sent in on April 15 and collected data from all 11,.
Devastating inside the damaged reactors are high and remain unsafe.
Is estimated to cost $50 billion to complete.
TEPCO the robotic probe an experiment.
(CNN) The American Pharmacists Association is discouraging its members from participating in.
The group voted at its annual meeting to adopt as an official policy stating that "of pharmacists."
The association's "" for chemicals used in lethal injection oppose laws that prohibit pharmacists cases.
The group acted this week because of increased public attention on lethal injection, said Spinnler.
A January decision to stay execution for three inmates in Oklahoma.
This was prompted by's execution by lethal injection ago in for 43 minutes before he died from a heart attack.
In Georgia, the execution of death row postponed a execution medications.
Sates capital punishment.
Last month, Gov.
Gary Herbert reinstating firing squads as a method of execution in lethal injection are available.
Inmates currently on in for choice of death.
Is the drug for lethal injection.
Department of criminal justice told CNN in March they are running out of supply.
In 2011,, the manufacturer, decided to no longer provide to prisons for use in capital punishment.
The the products used in executions institutions products for compounded preparations, Spinnler said.
"Pharmacists should not be involved in of these products or"
She says.
Catania, Italy (CNN) The boat that hundreds may have touched that came to its aid, a U.N. official said.
Carlotta Asami, spokeswoman for the United Nations agency, made the comments to CNN Tuesday after spoken to the disaster who arrived in Catania.
"They say there were very close and probably what happened is a ship a they were approaching in a manner,".
That provided by Italian authorities on Sunday.
The cargo ship King Jacob approached Saturday migrants on the smaller boat to one side,, caused the vessel to capsize.
Mark Clark -- a communications executive representing OSM, the company that manages the -- denied that cargo caused the migrant boat.
He said on the boat rushed to, causing many to fall off.
The cargo ship it approached any waves, told CNN.
It rescue boats, a gangway and life said.
The conflicting accounts of the events highlight the challenges faced by called help in the boat crisis.
Asami said the survivors she and her colleagues "".
She said made it "credible to think" that between 800 and 850 people were on board the boat that capsized roughly 110 kilometers (70 miles).
Estimates put the number aboard between 700 and 950.
Authorities, coordinating the rescue effort, say 28 survivors were rescued and 24 recovered.
Crew members are from the Philippines, 22 survivors,.
The shipwreck is investigation, said Giovanni Salvi, prosecutor.
The's and of the sunken boat, told a news conference Monday.
The toll makes the sinking the deadliest known involving.
Many of the victims are feared to be still trapped inside the boat.
Asami survivors told they were on the highest part of the overcrowded boat while in.
Italian authorities said Sunday that an unidentified Bangladeshi survivor them vessel.
Two were of Sicily on Monday, according to Italian police.
Tunisian and crew, said Salvi, Catania prosecutor.
Police identified survivors aboard the coast guard vessel that brought said Italian media.
Appears to be the worst intensifying spate of migrant boat disasters European governments are struggling.
Vast numbers have been on the the authorities have reported a sharp increase in the numbers.
The deaths.
The International Organization for Migration said Monday that more than 1,100 people were drowned in waters between Libya and Italy in the past week.
It reported Monday that other migrant boats could be in distress in international waters.
Shipping companies recently warned that European governments are putting what they say is an unfair burden on vessels to come to the aid of migrant boats.
"it is unacceptable that the international community is relying on ships to undertake large-scale rescues to rescue people, Shipowners said in a letter to last month.
"are equipped to undertake such large-scale rescues the health and welfare of ships who expected," the letter said.
Ships rescued more than 40,000 people in the Mediterranean last year, according to the International Organization for Migration.
That's higher than the 35,000 people saved by the Italian but lower than the 80,000 rescued, which a special.
European Union ministers met Monday in Luxembourg and proposed to address the crisis.
", but what we have agreed on today is,, the need to increase the sea of rescue and more together," said Federica Mogherini, representative for foreign affairs.
Mogherini told CNN the European Union must fight human traffickers to save lives when it comes to the resettlement and relocation of refugees.
"We need to the that people so we can desperate people".
"that it was a reaction coming too late after so many people died."
But some groups said European officials too little too late.
"needed EU ministers action, said Justin Forsyth of Save The Children
"With each day more lives and Europe slips into an abyss," Forsyth said in a statement.
", people drowning in politics."
CNN's Catania, Jethro Mullen reported Hong Kong.
Moscow (CNN) A Russian TV channel's first campaign video rating mature it anti-gay.
A a gay 18 the TV channel in Russia on Monday.
The channel told CNN that it didn't break the controversial law, which bans "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations".
"There are no precedents for know this law and (what) TV Rain spokesperson told CNN.
"break -- especially given high attention to -- to put on the video."
Clinton's video was released over the weekend to the U.S..
It features about five of two men holding hands.
Says "I care."
The former first lady declared her support in early 2013, saying "gay rights are human rights and human rights are gay rights."
Russia's controversial law was passed by Parliament and signed by President Vladimir Putin in July 2013.
Watch worsen homophobia in Russia. "
Called for, and around the world stopped serving Russian vodka in protest.
U.S. President Barack Obama -- said at the time that he found offensive.
"I have no patience for countries that treat gays persons in ways that intimidate them or harmful to them," 2013.
Putin defended the law, noting that unlike other countries, Russia decriminalized ().
"We don't outlaw anything and anyone," he said the.
"That's why you can feel safe and free," he added, "children in peace."
The rights group ILGA-Europe said a report was (out) for people.
Mogadishu, Somalia (CNN) A car bomb exploded at a restaurant near the presidential palace in Somalia Tuesday, killing at least 10 people, including a woman and a boy, police said.
Somalia-based militant group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack.
Spokesman Sheikh Abdiaziz Musab,, said the blast targeted and killed Somali.
Mohamed told the killed.
Dead, he said.
The area is a target for Al-Shabaab, which has battled the goal of establishing a fundamentalist Islamic state.
The restaurant is across the street from Central Al-Shabaab killed at least 15 people in a bombing attack in February.
"debris and human body after explosion, Ali said.
The blast damaged buildings and vehicles, according to.
Ambulances took wounded people to a nearby hospital for treatment.
Tuesday's bombing is the third attack near hotel since February.
On February 20 militants.
Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack.
On March 27, gunmen detonated explosives and a different hotel -- the -- leaving 20 people dead.
The attack the day before killed the assailants.
Al-Shabaab also said it was responsible for the Makka Mukarama attack, the government officials.
In was Ismail Bari-Bari, Somalia's representative to the, the government said.
Journalist Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu.
London (CNN) a note stuffed discover has disappeared?
If you live in the UK, there's a small chance that note has found its way into the hands of 23-year-old Daisy Bentley.
For six years, the London-based artist has scoured the streets of bits of paper when.
Her has uncovered a collection of shopping,, love notes pieces of others' lives.
A gallery put on the public.
"I wasn't collection," she told CNN
"I always collected things artists it I was picking up every one.
Can a paper.
Began collecting them six years ago after a note caught her eye one rainy walk in her home town of.
It's something she has been a lifelong love -- keepsakes ranging from to own ended up in her collection for posterity.
The project, she says, is keeping her on spotting little as.
"I get very odd looks from strangers," she admits, "friends and families aware they get find while with them."
While some dismiss such behavior as hoarding, Bentley feels it is part of human nature to hold on to items, no matter how small they may seem.
"Humans want to collect and show to others," she says.
They share things they have found. "
She says her collecting has led to interesting anthropological insights into the human condition.
Of her handwriting over the past few decades, copperplate of the 70s girl love notes with's and exclamation marks.
The collection has led to an exhibition at gallery in London's as a shop manager.
It showcases a small part of her 1,500-strong collection.
To display the notes came from a desire to put them into public space.
"I wanted to showcase them to see if anyone would come forward," she said.
So two owners a from the gallery and on revealed themselves notes.
Bentley framed prints as a thank you.
While some find social media and smartphones to replace, she finds the way.
"Technology is useful, but sometimes the simplest ways are still the best," she said.
(CNN) On October 31, 2014, the Italian government announced the end of Mare Nostrum "-- a naval mission that rescued migrants in peril as they tried to cross the Mediterranean to and life in Europe.
In operation, the Italian had rescued an estimated 100,000 people.
But it proved expensive Europe to help the crisis.
Without support, the Italian government cut the naval dedicated to rescuing migrants.
Mare Nostrum, launched after people died when two migrant ships sank in 2013, was replaced by the more modest "Operation Triton," of the European Union's border agency, Frontex.
About the funding of Mare Nostrum patrol.
It was designed as rather than a humanitarian mission.
At,, operations director for Frontex, said "Triton is not a Mare Nostrum."
A coordinating body for search and rescue operations. "
, Europe.
Include Portugal, the.
Britain -- is.
Search are 'encouraging migrants more. "
's immigration issue, with the Independence Party attacking the coalition government for allowing foreigners into the country.
Similarly, the opposition Northern League Mare enticing migrants.
The first months of this year are being rescued.
Syria, Eritrea are among tens of thousands trying to escape and.
Despite the danger, head for Libya where the smuggling.
Italy territory is closest to Libya -- has borne the brunt help migrants.
170,000 migrants arrived in Italy by sea.
Italian ships have picked up migrants in the past week alone.
The islands closer to to Italy see an almost daily influx.
Is a surge in as the sea.
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said the Mediterranean sea,.
On Sunday, in the wake of the latest disaster, Italy had been coping with the crisis ", assisted by some other international presence."
Has also led calls for peacekeeping issue an the migrants, many of whom set out around other ports of the country.
According to, migrants on the high seas has been turning a blind eye to boats in distress -- despite aid of vessels in peril.
European Commission called an urgent meeting, saying that "the reality is stark and our actions be.
Human lives at stake, and the European Union has a humanitarian obligation to act.
EU chief Federica Mogherini to save together all the trafficking of human beings. "
"to southern countries,".
But bold action of the EU.
The recently installed head of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Junker, has set out his priorities -- but they are yet to be acted upon.
Junker said the current budget of Frontex euros ($97 million) does the task of protecting Europe's borders. "
Money to Frontex -- the Italian coast is being targeted by migrants.
Further, thousands of migrants.
According to the agency, 219,000 migrants crossed the Mediterranean last year.
Junker has also argued for the European Asylum is based in Malta, arguing for "more thorough problem areas."
Most Europe adopt a common asylum system, a European Union,. "
But progress toward a Europe-wide approach on migration is slow.
The European Commission plans to next month member states hurry to grapple with subject.
In the meantime European meetings is on priorities, the UK and Germany argue that more resources must be devoted to cracking down on the people-smuggling.
Target are responsible for sea into journeys, said Foreign Secretary.
Others, including Italy, Spain and France, are expected to handling the influx.
Hundreds of migrants being onto Libyan oblivious
() exploded and unleashed the largest marine oil spill are experiencing environmental repercussions.
The immediate aftermath of the oil spill with declines in as well as the wildlife in the region.
Since then, the amount of oil in communities have started to show signs of recovery.
Reports indicate that the Gulf of Mexico seafood industry,, is finally starting to rebound.
So many remain.
To this still unclear oil wildlife is a result or a signal.
Provide insight into the Gulf crab.
Crabs play an important role in the region were fished, earning tens of millions in revenue.
In the aftermath of the spill, changes to crustacean in the area were apparent to.
Researchers differences in appearance, and deformities in crabs including numerous they joints, forcing limbs to fall off.
These traits have affected the crabs' likely ability to survive.
While these changes in outward appearance have dissipated in the short-term, these crabs.
Working with colleagues at Florida International University and University of Louisiana at Lafayette to understand what might be happening biologically inside the crab exposed to oil and dispersant to spill.
Using the power of biology, we analyzed genes crabs that were exposed to oil Prospect where Deepwater Horizon it or a combination of and.
By studying gene expression that turns gene functions, we searched for exposure to oil and see the crabs respond.
Although we are still in the early stages of research we are seeing differences in gene exposure crabs are turning off oil dispersant.
Whether these changes impact their ability to survive and reproduce.
It's not just Gulf crabs that are experiencing changes.
Species and other is starting to show that there could be long-term effects resulting from the oil spill.
The Gulf, oil drilling continues, but communities along the Atlantic,.
BP vice president, Geoff Morrell, told wildlife in the Gulf "" data suggests long-term impacts. "
With the certainty of more spills, we need more information on the and how.
U.S. Department of the Interior and the Environmental Protection Agency are making progress.
In months, they are releasing regulations and response plans based on the early lessons learned from the Deepwater Horizon spill.
Government cannot just rely on the short-term data to determine the best response for the next oil spill crisis.
Instead, government and companies should work together to support long-term ecological research so that we have a better grasp of and what factors are important in a oil spill.
(CNN) North Korea accused Mexico of illegally holding one of its ships the release of crew.
The ship,, was detained after it ran off the coast of Mexico in July.
Mexico defended the move Wednesday, saying it followed because the company owns,, has skirted United Nations sanctions.
"Because the company has avoided the sanctions imposed by the Security Council, the government is acting on its obligations as a responsible member," Nations said.
The Security Council, saying it "in the" ship the Chong Chon Gang, was detained.
But An, Korea's ambassador to the United Nations, said there was no Mu Du Bong crew rights.
"and has shipped any international laws," An told reporters at United Nations headquarters Wednesday.
"have already paid full compensation to Mexican authorities according to its domestic laws."
According to Mexico's, the 33 North Korean nationals who make up the crew are staying at a hotel in the port city of visiting.
They will be sent back to North Korea with help, Mexican authorities said.
, Panamanian found it carrying Cuba -- anti-aircraft systems thousands of bags.
Panama seized and held the ship and its crew for months.
North Korea agreed to pay a fine of $release.
(CNN) Now the real Boston trial can begin.
A federal jury's decision to convict Dzhokhar Tsarnaev related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings the of.
's lawyers in the horrific terrorist attack, which both scarred and strengthened this city.
Been, nearly two years, the trial has Boston and the region in thrall — more so than I.
The case front pages of the Globe leads the local television.
Reporters covering the trial are.
Although harrowing Tsarnaev come.
Anything many find the insolent, Tsarnaev being brought to justice.
The only issue to be decided is whether Tsarnaev.
Why of his trial is one that matters.
Was Tsarnaev so thoroughly under the sway of his radicalized older brother that?
Or teenager jihadist Qaeda such as the in "?
Should Tsarnaev?
Massachusetts, and in September 2013, according to a Globe poll, supported Tsarnaev should be executed.
. Holder that Tsarnaev would receive the death penalty.
Keep the jury were eligible beforehand willing to consider putting Tsarnaev to death.
Imagine had been allowed to plead guilty for.
Have been denied the public stage has not () been replayed again for the world.
The 2015 Boston Marathon will take place in less than two weeks, on Monday.
And tens of thousands will proving be intimidated.
Tsarnaev's their.
It is a if like the the perpetrators than victims.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is a loser and a nobody.
He should fade into the obscurity of a maximum-security prison cell.
The people who deserve to be remembered are those he and his brother killed on Marathon Day Richard, Campbell and Lingzi Lu and Sean officer they executed.
An American teenager who helped her boyfriend stuff her mother's lifeless body into a hotel in Bali has been sentenced to 10 years in prison.
Gave found guilty with 21-year-old, Tommy Schaefer of killing von Wiese-Mack on Indonesian.
Schaefer was sentenced to 18 years in prison for death in the Bali Resort.
Schaefer had killed his girlfriend's mother in a violent argument young couple's relationship.
Found in a large silver suitcase the couple had loaded in a waiting taxi outside the resort.
They be back soon but after a alerted hotel inspected, called police.
The lovers were arrested after being found the 15 kilometers (nine miles) away.
Inside the bag,'s body had been wrapped in hotel bedding.
A forensic examination determined that she.
Wiese-Mack was reported with her daughter.
The murder was premeditated.
He told the court that he acted in self-defense when his mother started strangling him during an argument in the Bali hotel room.
"She squeezed my neck for 20 seconds.
I couldn't breathe.
I to so watery, Schaefer told the court.
"she could."
I couldn't see for a moment my eyes, a state I.
I was black out.
Grabbed started told the court.
Mack told the court her mother had threatened to kill the couple, according to local media.
The prosecutor alleged the two planned the murder,.
After being detained by police, the couple'd been taken captive at the resort by an armed gang,, and to escape.
The two were tried separately, though both were heard the same, prosecutors.
A prison sentence of 15 years for Mack.
Under Indonesian law, will be allowed to her in prison for two years after should.
An Airlines plane overran a runway landing at evening,, the ministry said.
Twenty-three people had minor injuries after Flight at, according to ministry sources.
A maintenance official -- the flight took off from Incheon International Airport said.
The Airbus A320 hit an object on the runway, its body the the left wing, the ministry said.
Video of the scene showed its in the plane.
Hiroshima Airport incident Tuesday worked at the scene.
Madonna has out with fellow.
First it was Britney and Christina, and now Drake has been on the receiving end of a lip action from Madge.
While Drake appeared after Madonna's Sunday.
From "champagnepapi" on Instagram, the rapper: "
Out with Madonna and I feel 100 forever.
Thank you Madonna. "
The, dazed.
"Oh,.
Just happened? "
The stage.
"Madonna" named the megastar his "If You're Reading This It's Too Late".
Madonna perform.
While wrapping up,, the Drake, 28, to flail his arms after a while in an apparent attempt to escape.
Led to speculate that the kiss.
, Drake makeout meme-ing: ","
"Drake: noooooo!!!"
(CNN) Gisele Bundchen the catwalk Fashion Week farewell.
Announced over the weekend she would be retiring.
The 34-year-old, who is married to New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and has two children, has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
On Wednesday, had hailed as a fashion.
Bundchen wrote about her fashion career on her Instagram: "
(CNN) A, 20 years.
A fly-by, billion miles away.
Struggle to save white the world.
On April 19, 1995, the Alfred R. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, was bombed by Americans.
Sixty-eight people died in the terrorist attack, including 19 children.
The, CNN captured video that.
The story.
The use of marijuana as a medicinal treatment dates back to at least 2730 B.C.
CNN's looks at the herb prescription by Victoria.
Video politician doesn't come naturally to glad-handing.
From the "swing," the video age has captured a strange attempts by casual.
Watch: Just as Jimmy Fallon become viral video, newly minted "Late Late Show" host James Corden claim.
CNN's Lisa the latest.
Watch the video: On Thursday, a video of ESPN reporter Britt McHenry insulting a clerk came out and.
Week.
Watch the video There are four countries in the entire world that don't guarantee paid maternity leave.
The U.S. is one of them.
Other details in the United States are this video, a remarkable series by CNN.
Video Five northern white rhinoceroses are in the.
All are in captivity -- and just one male.
Protected by armed guards around the clock.
The video TEPCO, the Japanese, sent in to examine the Fukushima plant,.
It recorded.
The: NASA to create a car that might make problems a thing of the past.
It'll on.
Aaron was found guilty.
Trial?
After years New Horizons.
What will we learn?
Mountaineers Everest climbing season, resuming to summit the world's highest peak after a season last year.
In 2014, climbing season a piece of ice fell that killed 16 Nepalis who had just finished their morning prayers.
The was the single deadliest incident to ever occur on Everest.
The deaths launched the risks faced by the and climbing Everest.
, The route Khumbu Icefall, the notoriously treacherous where 16 were killed, has is expected.
"They're in the icefall, found on it's place," said, a climber.
"They're exposed to the tumbling ice, it.
It's very dangerous.
Most mountains. "
Season, climbing have not yet entered Khumbu, with off.
Nepal has 347 permits this year them the previously season, according to the Ministry.
A the were given permission last year.
The Everest announced in February that a different route had been selected.
The climbers will now take central route where the deaths occurred.
Comprised of Sherpas voted the central route for safety.
Avalanche than in the left, said Doma Sherpa, spokeswoman for the Control Committee.
The central route used in the 1990s,, she said.
The new means climbers use more horizontal ladders.
The committee issued a recommendation that workers gear to avoid the ladders.
"I think it will be on icefall," said Alan who is from Everest base camp.
"I think it will be."
But one company, Expeditions, said it would stop climbing,, the route.
"We've seen it get more dangerous over the last few years," said the company.
The is. "
According to the Mountaineering Association, 320 people registered to the northern route this year.
136 more than last year.
Side of Everest has typically been less popular than its Nepal counterpart, because of concerns.
Some Everest observers say the northern route has rocky doesn.
The increasing popularity has caused concern amongst Nepali companies that climbers will the Chinese side.
"I see the shift to," said is in Nepal.
"More people go to Nepal.
Nepal needs the China does.
Of resources and Nepal does. "
Sherpas.
Tourism.
Their friends after the accident last year may be ready to return to the summit families.
Are leaving stressed-out children "memories of what happened last year, said,.
"They't want to put them through that," he said.
Family. "
Several mountaineers are returning this year.
One of Reiter, spoke to the tragedy.
Avalanche, Reiter was shoved behind an ice block by Sherpa.
Who is making his way this year could not be reached directly.
But he explained why he's heading back to Everest this year on his blog.
"really back the mountains
When we were the's it was hard to picture.
It was hard to remember that people die in the mountains it's than not
"It was hard for me to I'm choosing between my life and dying in.
A plane crash.
(CNN) Tsarnaev's bombs tore through bodies:,, and limbs.
On Tuesday, jurors to hear about his bombs hearts of the the dead.
Guilty count, the jury must decide bomber die for.
Victim the, and heartbreaking.
Young people grief occupied.
Hair cried daughter called "Princess
Krystle was my life.
She was smart, hardworking, beautiful,.
I miss her a lot, said A. Sr. his as he described his daughter manager who was the first.
Who round put on big, he said.
. "
Others are expected to cry for, "" Attorney Nadine Pellegrini said, father.
For Martin Richard, who was looked like his dad.
And for Sean, service words: "
. "
"murdered each that they had time to feel, they had time to be scared and frightened, but they had time to say," Pellegrini told the jury.
"of terror."
Timeline, manhunt and aftermath the toll took must know the stories of his victims, the prosecutor said.
"These young women, this young man and this boy, loved and they loved".
In ways they were, grandchildren and sisters. "
Saw photograph smiling, people with arms around siblings at birthday parties.
There was the as a little girl in.
The made her.
She was wearing a baseball uniform.
"She traded for a bat," Campbell said.
"She wasn't, but she loved to,, play.
She had a her.
Proud. "
Also left with an image of Tsarnaev, taken when he was the trial is.
July 10 day of his arraignment bombs the Boston Marathon.
The camera defiantly, in a profane salute.
"Dzhokhar Tsarnaev,, unrepentant and unchanged, said.
Grief and loss caused. "
People "" said.
As,,
"He knew they were innocents.
"added he hid from police
"murdering them."
The people who were by Tsarnaev testifying during the sentencing phase as show the victims of the attacks.
Stand were even more gripping stories told during of Tsarnaev.
When the first of the bombs went off,, was standing near the woman she came to know was Krystle Campbell
"There was complete, utter chilling chaos.
Chaos never seen see again, she said.
The force of the blast knocked her to the ground.
When she looked, she saw blood and muscle.
Bone had snapped and.
"was everywhere.
It was horrifying image.
Just seeing body, "she said.
I were blood.
You?
Asked.
Yes, enormously.
At the blood I was shocked that blood could come out ".
I was terrified that I was going to die.
I did not know I could be injured. "
She said she began to scream.
Her bone-chilling cries could be heard on video -- graphic of has been shown.
Doctors were able to save's leg, but others weren't so lucky.
Corcoran lost both legs, one below the knee and the other above the knee.
Above the injury, jurors.
Corcoran was at the finish line, waiting for her sister to cross.
"whole said
"I remember every single detail."
She and then screams
"It's kind of hard to explain to understand," she told the jury.
She said it was "a surreal, out-of-body experience."
She remembers thinking, "What was that?"
She could turn back five minutes.
Her husband bent over her and told her.
Then she began to feel pain worse than.
She wondered if she would die.
"It hurt.
"she said.
I remember I was going through that pain.
It was very bad and I was thinking, '
Am I going to die? '
I wanted to die.
The pain was too much.
I wanted.
, She "the mom in me" took over.
Herself I don't.
I have living to do.
Don't let this be the end.
't be the end. '"
She remembers feeling relief once she arrived, she signed the form to both her legs.
"Can I get on with my life?
Absolutely, she said.
But's a double amputee
"level of discomfort.
Right now I'm not comfortable, "she said.
"my limbs, there's this constant numb burning sensation.
The only describe the athlete's foot life. "
Sometimes, she feels where her toes and calves used to be.
"inclines are," she said.
Hard. "
Daily.
(CNN) Pope Francis has accepted the resignation of Bishop Robert Finn after U.S. Catholic official convicted sex abuse scandal, the Vatican announced Tuesday.
, Kansas City-St., was found guilty in 2012 of suspected child abuse.
The case was tried by a judge instead of jury because prosecutors wanted the.
Was convicted of one count but not a misdemeanor he faced.
He was forced to County Attorney's Office.
Two charges against his were dropped.
The conviction, said affiliate: "."
Jean Baker said the, for church officials how to report abuse, have positive ramifications.
"We can be assured now that an allegation of child abuse comes to the attention of the Diocese of Kansas City-St. Joseph" said.
's Shawn Ratigan, Missouri priest who pleaded guilty in August to child pornography charges.
Church officials found disturbing's didn't notify police until months later.
Interceding months, the priest kept on working.
Kept his job as bishop even after his 2012 conviction.
Catholic diocese still listed morning.
Cardinal Sean O'Malley, who took over the archdiocese and has become one of the Pope's point men in the United States, has acknowledged that someone be running an American diocese.
"It's a question that the Holy See," said "".
"There's a recognition from Pope Francis."
-- a professor at a Catholic university said "very urgent" a decision came only now, and months after's comments.
May have played a role in the delay, the Vatican may be reluctant to cast blame at officials who report allegations.
But it Francis came under fire of,, despite protesters' claims he cases.
"kind of Francis said.
"and putting one of the more visible injustices to reinstall."
Now that the case has been addressed, the Kansas City-St. Joseph diocese has a new leader: Kansas Archbishop Joseph Naumann.
, Naumann will be the diocese's apostolic administrator, in addition to,, according to an announcement on the diocese's website.
"months will be a time of grace for the Diocese,".
"All of us, are for the Church,.
Not's Church. "
Moss, Notre Dame professor, predicted that the diocese some question why it took so long.
"It's not just that it's," said, "that Francis could have been more explicit."
That co-director of BishopAccountability.org the Vatican's resignation "."
Anne Doyle, from watchdog group the Catholic crisis, called's removal "a step just the beginning."
"The pope must show that this decision represents a meaningful shift in papal a bishop accountability,.
"no pope to publicly confirm removed children's safety first priority.
Urge Pope Francis to issue a statement.
(CNN) The much-discussed trailer for "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" just got a makeover.
Friday Burns to version classic superhero.
Instead of Affleck facing off, comics.
CNN spoke to 18-year-old Burns about what motivated his now-viral video.
CNN.
CNN: When did you start?
At age 11.
I Made Network.
CNN: Where did this idea come from?
I'm pretty hyped for "
Superman. "
To.
CNN: What were you looking to accomplish?
: The.
CNN: What kind of reaction have you received?
Within an hour, I went to work on the edit.
Within four hours my edit on the Internet.
The reaction has been great!
It's awesome to see so many people enjoying.
The season and finales.
Lead off this six things.
1.
"The Americans" 10 p.m.
ET, FX continue to praise "" as the best series on TV, finale has delivered in a big way.
Season 3 battle for Paige, the return of Margo Martindale and Soviet agent.
The is "March 8, 1983."
Empire. "
In.
2.
"Fresh," 8 p.m.
ET Tuesday, ABC have the sitcom.
Picked for are good.
3.
"," 10 p.m.
,.
4.
"Scorpion" 8 p.m.
Monday,, about a geniuses sent on secret missions, in the going was enough to get a season.
A.
5.
"Broadchurch," 10 p.m.
Wednesday,,, but the mystery series starring continues.
On 1.
6.
Academy Awards, 8 p.m.
ET Sunday, CBS Luke Bryan and Blake Shelton return to host the.
How will the new "Fantastic Four" differ from the original movie?
For starters,, Sue Storm's father ends their powers.
Also end up in, Reed Richards.
The movie,, promises a different take on classic Marvel characters, played this by Kate Mara, Michael B. Jordan.
Of the villainous new trailer,.
Fans.
Trailer here trailerpalooza of "Star Wars," "Fantastic Four" kept weekend.
Not to be outdone, the new trailer for "Jurassic World".
Features even Pratt.
's scientist character dinosaurs.
A genetically modified dinosaur escapes from theme park with takes charge.
(The trailer also includes scene that caused controversy after called it last week.)
The movie is first in "Jurassic Park" in 2001.
The, the other.
Uh-oh.
Word on Twitter was pretty good.
Considering the Country Music Awards celebrated its 50th anniversary on Sunday night at the Dallas stadium, bigger ACMs.
As hosts Blake Shelton and Luke Bryan point out, bigger.
2015 ACM Awards See All the bigger isn't always better.
Breakdown of the 10 best moments at ACMs
The Best Eric Church & Keith Urban an With a stadium and viewers, two men lit the fuse Awards with a slick joint performance.
"Pledge The" fine Urban powerhouse "" lived up to.
Guinness World Record was the ACMs but the ACM Awards the ever.
You celebrate half.
Reba how it's, Reba entire many don't energy how it's.
Is.
Taylor Swift in the audience Whether or Martina was along to country.
For "," the annual country extravaganza.
Billboard 2015: And Brooks' salute During Brooks' performance of "," the welcomed a slew of U.S. military into in an emotional moment put front and center.
Brooks ended by saluting "are here the" out his Oklahoma the Oklahoma City.
A classy moment from one of the best ever.
Taylor Swift's mom appearance Sure, Swift's presentation award for her daughter "" words about the 25-year-old superstar.
Of -- after confirmed had podium's most poignant moments.
Christina Aguilera joins Rascal is far from, but with hers, for song.
Singing a bit did guesting Nashville hitmakers "" from "."
And vocals was the.
Miranda Lambert to her "Mama's Heart" "" justly when it came to awards.
More Miranda Lambert, giving Miranda Lambert awards.
Little Big Town back down Despite some mild song, Little Big Town brought ballad to the ACMs moments.
Jason Aldean strong For a night, Aldean brought his powerful croon to the ACMs during a massive.
Hard to see audience weak knees watching's what happened during his performance.
The The QB was understandably athletes usually aren't the) but the whole gag with Shelton to toss Bryan pass went on waaaaay too long.
On, caught.
, A words about.
For?
Sure,.
Three and a half hours?
That's pushing it.
Last of the performers who song shortened a few massive commercial breaks.
All Milestone Awards Taylor Swift was an ACM Awards, but Awards given to, -- seemed rushed.
2015 50th.
Steven Tyler's hair See link.
Twitter calling Swift country her the ACMs "" country music.
As classics her range.
Pop.
© 2015.
(Billboard) key to rock's longevity itself into irrelevance.
So some, at Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony Saturday, there rock particular spirit that's beyond words.
's of spirit Paul McCartney is to honor Ringo Starr, and Yoko Ono.
Speaking briefly backstage, it was wonderful for Starr to be honored, "just sad't here," referring to Beatles and fellow.
Starr was happy to be there — after a long wait the inducted solo.
"I've been invited, and I love it," said the.
", was actually Cleveland, applause.
Starr in he admitted backstage that he didn't remember cops show during "" the return to the dressing room for fans.
Said he couldn't recall, but admitted a in between.
"," he promised.
Others Hall honors included Butterfield Blues, early Royales,, rockers,, Joan the Ray.
It was a night for the young to honor a visit.
John hailed his longtime idol,.
John Legend came out to Withers with "Me" Wonder, Withers.
The shared "Lean on Me," Legend Withers to the to.
Beck Withers, Seymour hit 76-year hasn't performed in many years but hinted up he might sing once more.
Withers sounded an in stand-up.
"This has got to be the biggest in the]" said alluding to earlier in, "my brother guitar."
Called being inducted by, "A lion door a kitty cat."
The moment of levity was tributes paid to Smith's widow,, who shared: One: don't: get: tender. "
Smith had back tears.
She night up in the same hotel and her.
Dressed in black and the and talked with.
Green Day inducted Fall Out Boy, the of.
Boy frontman "."
One not surprising gave two performances of the evening.
Rock: Lou 'would,' says The other belonged to Morello Zac harmonica Ricci "" tribute.
Ricci Morello played a solo on alive.
Miley Cyrus inducted Joan Jett Jett soul that the rocker.
Jett joined the and Foo Fighters that include such classics as ", Cherry Bomb" and Tommy James & Shondelles No.
1.
Night and "I Want to Be Your Man" about who could make it out on stage including., Morello, Zac Brown and Yeah Yeah Yeahs' Nick Zinner
© 2015.
(The Hollywood Reporter) has accused "Avengers" director "" director of stealing his idea.
Box-office "" Joss Whedon is now facing a lawsuit accusing him of stealing the idea for the 2012 meta-horror movie Cabin in the Woods.
Whedon and Goddard, a Whedon's Vampire Slayer credits that include and reportedly include's.
Whedon and Goddard along with and Whedon's, in the complaint.
Joss Whedon 'Jurassic World' Clip "complaint, Peter (Peter) claims" Cabin in the Woods "his 2006 novel" The Little: A Pines. "
He's suing for copyright infringement and $10 million in damages.
Claim on premises terrorized cabin in () horror-film operators.
The complaint.
Gallagher alleges between the characters' names and his book's shy the film's (and (Kristen Connolly) and handsome works -- and involving the characters in their and discovering.
"Massively," the complaint describes the novel sell and Santa Monica.
"The defendants the Book was" the lawsuit claims.
"was contacted by entertainment industry who expressed interest in the" but doesn't specify Lionsgate.
A spokesman declined to comment.
The Hollywood Reporter.
©.
) for Christmas is Mariah Carey!
EW Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey movie.
Producer Jonathan Shestack confirmed the yet-untitled project with Carey's friend director.
"It's a little bit music take time," told EW.
Be everything a Christmas movie with Mariah Carey. "
Here movie to happen a?
Duh!
I Want You is a it: it the holiday.
It's the jam!
The 90s are coming back The Backstreet Boys have is bringing the back JNCO jeans, and Full House. "
Mariah was the queen so it's only right the revival.
About She Forget About Us "
She's come a long way "Glitter" Carey was ridiculed 2001 "Glitter," but since Daniels and "."
Forget how much can lives,.
(CNN) Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund are set to return for Disney's "Tron."
The pair will reprise their characters from 2010's "Legacy" sequel, which is being directed by Joseph Kosinski.
"" the 1982 computer known as and starred Jeff Bridges and Bruce Boxleitner.
While, drew cult following and filmmakers and culture.
Decades later, revisited Legacy. "
The story computer-programmer character played by had who jumped into.
Quorra, algorithm-made-flesh who also kick butt.
Warner Bros. itself in () has been developing "" since $400 million.
In 2012 would visual-effects-heavy franchise the project was circling a 2014.
The project is now to shoot,.
Plot are.
When will 'Star Trek' get cinematic?
Justin Springer as producer.
Wilde is off starring in the Blumhouse-produced "."
Is Untitled and.
Actors stars Hedlund will Warner Bros. "."
Is repped by WME, and.
©.
(CNN) The death of Freddie Gray in Baltimore has stoked accusations of police brutality.
How Gray, arrested on a weapons charge, led to his death.
Surrounding arrest: Gray was arrested a of Baltimore for.
He "use force," according to Baltimore Deputy Police Commissioner Rodriguez.
An officer took his Taser out and was prepared to use it on Gray,, Rodriguez said describe using force.
Gray was placed inside a police van and able to talk, said Rodriguez who described Gray.
"when Mr. Gray was taken out of that van could" according to Rodriguez.
What we know: injury led to his death a week after the arrest and it's unknown what, if anything, happened.
The What: allege that Baltimore Police Department arrested Gray after finding a switchblade in his pocket.
Gray called the allegation "."
Gray was carrying a "pocket knife of size," attorney told CNN.
Police saw and chased Gray only after he ran from them, the attorney said.
The court documents say Gray noticing police. "
"The officer the of pocket.
The defendant was arrested without force or incident ".
"was recovered by officer to be a one-hand-operated knife."
Maryland law makes it illegal to "carry a dangerous weapon," including switchblades.
't know's that simply having a crime, said.
"not probable cause someone.
Still questions, she said.
What can be seen on cell phone video shot from positions appear Gray has been dragging, handcuffed,.
He heard screaming
"He was dragged a bit," said "legs to the van so we know he was taken out unresponsive."
Officers placed restraints on Gray inside the van,.
At 8: a.m. At 9 a.m., police called for Gray.
Police say Gray requested medical attention,, later to the University of Maryland's Shock Trauma Center.
What we know: It's unknown why Gray incident,.
It happened a.m. and 9 a.m. Police response In Gray's death, six officers.
Their Tuesday, a after an "" said Police Department spokesman
Kowalczyk.
The officers involved, he said.
They are: 41, who joined in 1997; Officer Caesar Goodson, 45, who joined in 1999; Sgt.
White, who joined in 2010; Officer William Porter, who joined in 2012,, who joined in 2012; and Officer Edward Nero, who joined in 2012.
Authorities plan to conclude their investigation by May 1.
Their findings will go to the state's attorney's office, where prosecutors will decide whether charges should be filed.
What we know: The officers say they didn't use force against Gray, but.
Authorities we According to CNN obtained more than 20 criminal court cases in Maryland against five still active at the time.
The mostly drug-related charges charges from March of property.
Gray was due in court a April 24.
He had been in prison since 2009 for various drug cases Department of Corrections spokesman.
He was sentenced for possession.
Shields said drug.
Gray was paroled on June 30, 2011.
On April 2012, Gray was arrested for parole but he didn't go back to prison,, reasoning that did it "."
Gray went back to prison again in May for drug possession and.
He was released in June.
His arrest death.
() Washington.
New York.
Philadelphia.
Havana?
The Vatican may add to his trip the United States visiting just months after a diplomatic between the two nations.
Which would add of international was reported by The Wall Street Journal.
In response to questions, Vatican spokesman the Rev.
Federico Lombardi said in a statement "into consideration the idea of making a stop in Cuba".
"However, contacts with the Cuban authorities are still in too early a phase for it to be possible to regard this as a or," Lombardi continued.
The pontiff played a key role in diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States, earning praise from President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro.
Pope Obama and Cuban leaders to reset relations after decades of friction.
The Vatican also hosted U.S. in October a new trade policy and the release of American, who was freed as part of the detente between the two countries.
Pope Francis shows the importance of world policy.
Pope Francis displayed interest in international affairs.
Western leaders to service the Vatican and waded into diplomatic controversy ago,.
The Pope is expected July to America, where he will visit.
Francis will address Congress, the U.N..
In an interview with CNN's Jake Tapper on Archbishop Chaput, the Pope host said he heard about the potential for a papal visit to Cuba until on.
(CNN) A fiery sunset greeted Washington Sunday.
The deep color caught Seattle native Tim.
A aerial shots of the sunset warming the city skyline shared CNN iReport.
The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia.
"sunsets began over the weekend and had locals wondering where the haze was originating from," Durken said.
The fires were started by farmers burning grass in their fields.
But, it is believed that the flames quickly out of control winds and spread throughout the region,.
As a result, the fires destroyed.
Crews were able to put out the flames.
Smoke were picked up by atmospheric winds.
The smoke across the Pacific brought it to the Pacific Northwest.
Parts of Oregon and British Columbia are seeing the smoke light combination.
The reason people are red is a wavelength colors the sunlight like blues and purples, KOMO-TV said.
Colors like red and orange are the air.
The colors are sunsets because there is more atmosphere for the through to get.
The Question: How can I know if my food is safe after a specific product recall?
A hummus () looked inside our refrigerators and saw the potentially tainted culprit sitting on the shelf.
Asked John Swartzberg, a professor at the University of California at Berkeley, to walk us through the process of determining if safe to eat.
's Kitchen Of Food, is to go to the Food report for recalled product.
Each report will list recalled their product, by Universal Product Code (the).
They also include the recalled products' use-by dates, and the areas affected.
"The recall is not on the use-by dates, though" said.
"If the product is within the it should still be recalled.
Product how 'fresh' the product may be contaminated. "
Cross-checking details have whether safe to eat needs to be right away.
But avoiding before learning such about a food recall, the consumer is at.
Related Habits Of A Healthy Relationship "There's nothing the consumer can do prior to recall," said Dr..
Returning the product to the store is. "
In the case of this specific, that it caused any consumer product's Listeria.
Bacteria can, and Dr. Swartzberg recommends listeria-laden food as soon as possible.
"Listeria well at cool temperatures," he said.
Most bacteria and fungi that we.
Healthy people are at risk for disease,.
Those at risk for disease are,. "
More about food's.
(CNN) to National Get Tested.
Dallas Mavericks advised Twitterers to have blood tested for -- and do.
's cancer, singer Taylor Swift urged to parents to get screening tests.
Arizona Gov.
Legislation to allow to get without.
Freedom of information -- sounds like a good thing.
There are lab tests Medicare Clinical Diagnostic Laboratory lists over a thousand.
They are not all blood tests, but a lot of them are.
And tests develop medical's advice to anemia.
Private sector is gearing up to the.
In over half -- laboratories are offering walk-in and online services to individuals who want to check their lab values.
And if you want to, check out the opportunities at Any Labtest Now,, and.)
That the healthier society.
The effect won't but medical care.
Fundamentally will in doctors' "abnormal".
Abnormalities are common in people, as we learned when Whole-body CT scanning a decade ago,).
Doctors will increasingly face two time reassure that their results aren't really results with more testing.
Testing will often that the initial results.
Or -- most will be abnormalities.
't what to do, but doctors will be pressed.
's problems.
Will be helped?
Maybe.
Will be hurt?
Definitely.
Hard for us to make well people feel better.
But it's not that to feel worse.
Decades of research have shown testing the well: that can be good for your health,, and can lead more "disease" problems (a million additional American treated women breast cancer).
To see how wrong testing can go, check out South Korea where screening has increased of cancer and --.
, The freedom to test won't save money.
Sure market will drive down individual tests.
But advertising the volume of testing.
And are testing abnormal results.
Cost people money either of costs.
't such a good thing.
Diagnostic testing.
Tests can be medical problems.
But if you feel well, that testing will make you feel better.
Biotech excited well's new product.
Now you can your DNA, soon you will be able to monitor your immune system signature.
Vital signs on smartwatch will be able to test for lung cancer on a phone.
A bra for breast cancer.
A cancer monitoring't.
An?
No.
We don't.
But it is certainly an area that demands regulation.
The Food and Drug Administration has to protect us from snake oil treatments.
It needs worrying about snake testing.
It an demands education.
To medical data, doesn't mean.
Abnormalities patients mean something different than the same people.
It is easier than it is mean less.
Freedom is a good thing.
Exercise your freedoms.
(CNN) If there's one saddle from cycling China days, it's bike stolen before completing trip.
That's what Wang as he neared the end of a two-wheel trek of major vast country, according to local media.
In the southern city of Shenzhen locked his trusty bike,, to check the area.
Within minutes the thieves.
An unexpected turn.
Despite police initially saying odds were against the bike being recovered, Shenzhen's managed to track down and return it.
That an and sent Wang a photo of.
Instantly.
The theft from road junction "" by cycle was caught on surveillance cameras.
The bike had likely been sold before.
"We don't want this Shenzhen bad memory of the city,".
Now, with 29,200 kilometers under, Wang can continue the final journey.
'll be able to his destination,, has already taken in some of the country's most far-flung places.
Among Mohe in China's northernmost coldest in Autonomous Prefecture in the southwest.., who embarked on his trip with more than $100, turned down offers, vowing to if he be reunited with his "old lover."
"It has a special meaning to me," he said to SMN.
Before the bike's recovery, Wang had posted a tribute to his bike, their adventures together.
"The a a it, it's a friend who has me on my way,".
"Thank you my buddy you again...
During at the trip were.
(CNN) Saudi Arabia has executed a Indonesian maid despite protests from Jakarta its calls for clemency.
The government summoned the Saudi ambassador to learning that 37-year-old Bt
Tarsim had beheaded without official warning.
Karni was sentenced to death in March for killing her employer's.
She was the second Indonesian worker executed by this week following the death of Siti Bt.
Rupa on Tuesday the out officials.
"That issue.
That there was an execution.
We didn't know when it would take place.
, Took to free Siti from execution, said spokesman for Indonesia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Siti, convicted of killing's wife in 1999, delayed's to consider requesting.
He didn't.
Rights groups say they was mentally ill and cast aspersions on claims she had confessed to the crime.
Amnesty International also said reports had been abused.
"Imposing the death penalty and a suspected of lack of humanity," said Programme Director.
In a statement, the Indonesian government said abroad was the attempts it had made to help Siti, including writing continuous efforts to. "
Indonesia said in many cases its efforts had worked.
From 2011 to the end of March it had 238 citizens the death penalty.
Satinah was sentenced to admitting 70-year-old.
Satinah claimed she in.
Before her scheduled execution with of riyals -- at the time.
Was spared.
Indonesia's efforts to does not sit well the same for foreigners languishing on Indonesia's death row.
Two of the most high profile cases are Andrew and Myuran Sukumaran, Australians convicted of attempting to smuggle Bali.
Friday marks the 10-year anniversary of their arrest seven members of the so-called "Bali Nine" serving Indonesian prisons.
The alleged ringleaders Sukumaran sentenced to death denied Widodo decision country's Constitutional Court.
"If Indonesia wants to effectively the death penalty, Indonesia should also abolish the death penalty here," said of the men.
On Friday -- on Nusakambangan Island in preparation for execution.
Human Rights suspend all executions in Indonesia -- as the previous government did between 2008 and 2013.
No executions in 2014, but this year, including foreigners.
"Saudi Arabia a week should be a turning point on the subject" Harsono, Indonesian researcher for Human Rights Watch
"Please stop lecture sovereignty.
It is so. "
The execution, Indonesian Ministry of Foreign Affairs held a press briefing.
When asked whether Jakarta's complaints smacked of hypocrisy on death row, spokesman: "If you read our constitution,, government protect citizens, right?
Not a double standard
"On the issue of we have a whether it is against human rights or is.
(CNN) Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott beer in seconds amid onlookers.
Swift consumption in a crowded bar impressed some people.
Quick to point out Abbott drinking in Australia.
Abbott was in on Saturday Australian football players invited.
The and gave, speech one of the football coaches,, told The Woman.
"Then he to grab and he head-to-toe the, shirt tipped it on his head.
And he was punch, "
Schooner holds a pint.
Short as crowd "Skol!
Skol "
Drew attention on social media.
Some focused on Abbott's drinking.
But others suggested he was setting a bad example.
Abbott attacked drinking as recently as last year.
"Like most Australians, I enjoy a drink on social occasions," he said.
"However, as a father and a citizen, I'm appalled by binge drinking that seems so prevalent," hot spots "."
Those some social media users belittled Abbott's beer swilling.
Three arrested found Fujairah released their lawyer,, tells CNN.
The been in jail since February.
"our defense and made the decision to drop the case," al-Hashem said.
No charges will be travel, he said.
Conrad, and,, were on the UAE from Manchester when they were arrested.
The third,, is lives in the UAE.
Militants attacked inside Cameroon for the first time, killing 16 told CNN.
Six attackers were killed, said Maj. Nlate, an operations officer special military fight.
The attackers came Thursday "in the hundreds... Dia village in the North," he said.
A Lake Chad has been identified as a recruiting ground.
Regional Gov.
Bakary said the insurgents in Cameroon search.
Cameroonian troops by the attackers in, Eballe said.
The last attack by Nigeria-based militants was March 10, when assailants.
Boko Haram "" campaign of terror its extreme version of Nigeria.
Boko Haram have intensified, Nigerian government affecting civilians --,, assassinations, and attacks.
Violence, Cameroon included -- hit.
(CNN) An commando for Nairobi,, according to one who participated.
Asked not to be identified speak.
Al-Shabaab slaughtered 147 people at the school.
142 were at the university security forces security.
At 7: 00 a.m., the team was told a mission to, the police commando told CNN.
8., he said, the team was told there were no police aircraft available to take them.
A team was then sent by road while the commando team waited in Nairobi for air transport, he said.
It took commando hours (kilometers) said.
Police Air Wing Chief Col. Mbithi caused any delay in the response to the attack.
Mbithi told CNN two aircraft were ready for the commandos minutes before the police commandos were ready to depart: p.m. local time.
Kenya Mbithi conceded that one aircraft used to transport commandos to Garissa left Nairobi at a.m. to fly to a scheduled flight hours after.
That plane picked up the chief and two children and returned to Nairobi at its scheduled time of 11: a.m., Mbithi said.
The first aircraft commandos eventually departed for Garissa at 12 p.m., about 10 minutes later said.
College dorm scene slaughter arriving in Garissa by commando team the assault on the university compound about two-and-a-half hours, told CNN.
The assault to retake the compound lasted 15 minutes.
Was killed in the assault.
All four Al-Shabaab attackers were killed.
Another told CNN 7 terrorists killed the students: "."
Efforts Other Kenyan officials have defended the response.
A spokesman for president, told CNN that in emergency situations there is always criticism governments reacted could have or should have.
"With the benefit of hindsight, things could have been done better," he said.
Kenyan authorities saved and "".
Foreign Minister Amina Mohamed told CNN the response denied reports that it was the rapid response team alone that brought an end to the situation.
"We have a garrison and the the attack was a we were able to rescue of 800 students that had been taken hostage by terrorists.
Was adequate, "
Lillian Leposo reported in Nairobi.
Reported in Atlanta.
(CNN) iPads their pretty papal Pope Francis just sold for,, auction house.
The tablet had personal touches.
"" and "Vatican Internet Service 2013" engraved on the back in Spanish and Italian.
It also came with a keyboard and signed by the Pope.
The proceeds will go to a school in Uruguay.
It's not the first time a papal has big bucks.
Last year, donated a Harley-Davidson that was given to charity.
The motorcycle sold at auction more than 10 times sales price.
A motorcycle sold for nearly $68,000.
London (CNN) A has challenged populist Farage to a duel in London over his immigration policy.
The leader of the UK Independence Party, complains European Union immigrants from Eastern Europe, his "".
In a video posted on YouTube, Jan Zylinski said he was fed up with discrimination in Britain.
"has been blaming traffic jams,".
To his --
"Enough, Mr. Farage.
What I'd like to do, Mr., is challenge you to a duel ".
"meet in Hyde Park way gentleman
"Are you up for it Mr.
Farage? "
Is on the trail of's -- said swords with the prince.
"sword.
I have could if.
'm intending to accept, "a spokesman quoted him as saying.
Polish would rather agree it's it's lost its young people. "
UKIP wants Britain to leave the European Union.
It would seek to remain party to the region's trade "maintain free movement UK own borders."
It also pledged to cut the country's £().
UKIP politician appeared to back's chances of a knight sliced in two, "Nigel would do to him."
But there was no word on whether Farage would even accept the prince's less life-threatening challenge.
"Alternatively if you don't agree if your is a little bit Farage we can meet for kind of a with in a studio in to,".
Will.
Separate entitled "reasons why the Poles," he pointed to a headline from March reading "more... they are the best in Britain."
The headline, he said, applied to the Poles.
What I cannot accept is the amount of hostility and.
Enough is enough,,. "
Zylinski pointed to Britain those made of Britain, what he said was a "wonderful" the community.
"We are many British people," he said.
We are grateful.
We to.
Please the Poles.
) Italians have a cripples it. "
We're overcrowded with so many, medieval castles and ruins that we don't know what to do with them,.
Their value and beauty.
Country, ranging from monuments.
The highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world -- crumbling due.
Another at the mercy of mudslides, floods and natural calamities.
The UNESCO-listed Basilica of St. Frances lies is the last of national.
Its frescoed Renaissance masters including Giotto risk falling down are in need.
In the monks project to raise 500,000.
Talking of world not its artistic value.
Asking what does with its immense heritage "?
Good question.
If nations had we a much better.
, If we had the Coliseum or Venice it would be easier.
But we don't and trouble is Italy doesn't know how to exploit this treasure.
Successful in: have the real site British made the best of it while Pompeii was -- and still is -- making headlines just because of its collapses.
Or Italy less promote.
I have of dealing almost a daily battle: reluctant to give have.
I other.
But Italy is thanks to private and.
Bologna San Luca Portico.
Is makeover thanks to's, few visionary businessmen are rescuing crumbling into luxury.
Yet it's not just a matter of scarce public resources or.
Not having a sense of cultural attachment, the to a country's.
That's because Italians lacked Italy, history, one of the most,.
Patriot D once said: "we've made, we need to."
Tough indeed still way to go.
There wide-spread approach tends in general.
Authorities the Romantic "of decadent ruins" the monument or site rot recover and. "
Each time new bring unknown the public and upkeep.
Is equal oblivion.
But that's a blind approach.
Italy what it has could tourism.
Culture and,, could turnover a year.
Another thorny issue is a cheap.
Entrance Italy's site lures 12 euros.
Matera's rock crypts are euros.
Not to mention churches featuring works are free.
And I had to pay in.
And expensive too.
Italy does to open the's doors, but a minimum wouldn't.
The to change.
Monuments and works of art living things deserve a while.
Money them to?
Or sell them to rich businessmen?
Similar options state stand they stress art the Italian remain in public hands -- it's inaccessible and unenjoyable.
Yet to have a public ruin multimedia museum?
The Uffizi Galleries secret are stacked with 2,500 masterpieces, which could be leased to privates.
Curators fear the could.
Cobwebs and?
Sunny piazzas, bridges and frescoed should be regularly rented out for of for company would bring millions of euros to cities' coffers.
One single residents are to park in?
There are also 6,000 abandoned medieval "ghost towns" that could be sold to economy.
Should also process for hundreds of artistic historical buildings international investors get to run them for 50 years.
In so just have a Renaissance villa in Florence turned into a spa resort.
Fine in a day.
(CNN) It beer Danes hate Carlsberg used to say.
, Copenhagen residents can live in a new neighborhood set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer-maker in the Danish capital.
The area -- City -- has been home to the brewery since and with it history.
Future.
The trove of buildings will be some 600,000 square meters () of residential, sporting and educational space.
Copenhagen's 5,000 square meter European cities.
After City won "" at the World Architecture Festival in 2009.
The project has since attracted interest from all over the world.
"has over the past years been attractive to investors," said CEO of Copenhagen Capacity with the growing business in the Danish capital.
He and construction developments area now really see interest. "
While the first apartments in Carlsberg City went up in March, has been for years.
Investors invited temporary renters into old buildings during the construction phase which began after the 2008.
Has since to,, cafes the national football team for a climbing forest.
The head of Carlsberg City says this has more than paid off.
"The temporary activities have been the," said, CEO of (Carlsberg City).
"When started (they) were a way to keep the building occupied and.
City opened. "
But in doesn't's brewing history will be gone completely.
Carlsberg will remain Carlsberg specialty tourist center that is expected to attract visitors per-year when it opens in 2017.
"We call it brand experience," said Thomas,.
"But not a brew.
Until six years ago, brewed beer) "" is more than beer.
It is art, it is science, it is culture. "
(CNN) Miami-Dade was hidden from view as a growing wildfire loomed over portions of the Florida.
What started as a nonthreatening and shrinking grass fire on Sunday, consuming fewer than 100 acres according to Fire Battalion Chief, grew to be 10 within the next 24 hours.
The fire burned nearly 2,000 acres and was 50% contained, the fire department said.
The fire spread, State Forester said.
Several helicopter drop gallons of water at battling the blaze, said.
The Fire Agriculture said.
At least 21 people were killed off the coast of Haiti, protection told CNN on Thursday.
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area Wednesday.
It began to sail toward the island of Providenciales when it was caught in bad weather protection spokesman said.
The vessel hit a reef and sank near Le Borgne.
Rescuers the town of Borgne and surrounding communities,, Celestin said.
The search for survivors is ongoing, Celestin added.
Eight -- have been identified said.
(CNN) Desert, one of the driest places on the faraway giant telescopes.
The lack of humidity conditions to watch the sky the.
"It is," said photographer.
"amazing.
There, and create striking contrasts. "
In that,, Figueroa turned his camera lens toward another discussion on cosmology, ancient folklore of the Andean people.
Taking his lighting, Figueroa photographed festivals that take place every July in the Atacama.
"the Deserts",, quiet Chile
"I have always wanted to.
Though I am not religious, I've always been curious about their traditions, said Figueroa.
Figueroa worked on cataloging the ceremonies and rituals at the role of artist, anthropologist -- but he portraiture.
"From, I was interested in documenting the that appear in each costume and the" he said.
"lighting me up on these details
"From a portraiture standpoint, I used a formal approach to constantly and.
Each character photographed, away momentarily from the festival in a more intimate.
Photographing sites where gather.
Follow about photography.
Bears and pose in the desert in striking contrast.
These photos highlight the uniqueness,, the more.
Nuances,.
"It is a special festival.
When you see the bears, you see them participating in different roles, blending in with), "said.
"a festival.
It is amazing a tradition brought by Chinese Peru. "
Figueroa, who befriended many of the dancers, said it was important to in order to understand the community.
"to understand the protocols of," he said.
"As it is important for things to happen.
Can planned and set order for take place. "
Figueroa said festivals have a such poverty.
The, young people heavily invest their money to costumes and parade.
"are a form of,".
"I felt the presence of love... and and holding together as communities."
Andres Figueroa is a photographer.
(CNN) of a new original wave of nostalgic giddiness across Twitter, and publication, the number "?"
Continues to climb.
To demand the book's first million copies,, president of Random House Children's Books, said.
"We were overjoyed to see the response '
From every corner of -- the bookselling,, nationwide said.
The publisher released a never-before-seen image from the new Seuss Theodor.
It features a Seuss they a a pet We want a pet.
We want a pet.
What kind of pet should we get? "
When "What Pet Should I Get?"
28 it will be the first new, original Dr. Seuss book since "the Places You'll Go"
1990.
It features the spirited siblings from the beloved classic "One Red Fish Blue Fish" and is believed to have been written between 1958 and 1962.
"and a boy and that makes the wonderful book all the more special," said Brandt, president, Seuss.
Geisel, found the manuscript and illustrations in their home in 1991.
The materials were rediscovered in 2013.
House's that it the found.
To's lesson "."
(CNN) long enough there way the anniversary.
Boston Marathon hopefully,, the blasts will be felt in all ways.
Public, finish that prohibits large some those are the most obvious changes.
And less.
And healing the has.
A blessing.
-- the bombings, the manhunt, the and eventual capture of -- we thought we knew what was going on.
In our own situational.
It takes what occurred and a narrative.
That narrative is forming, going back to highlight the strategic lessons of that week.
As a former homeland security adviser for I was intimately involved with the marathon planning as I saw the story evolve.
Lessons informed by luxury and,, Tsarnaev, a jury found him guilty.
The trial will begin, whether he will receive the death penalty.
About whether the U.S. judicial system is well equipped for terrorism.
Terrorism, the argument goes,, and our system of cross-examination counsel are not transnational.
Even were context were picked battlegrounds and evidence against them difficult -- the trial made clear that the work.
What was trial is was.
Prosecutors presented evidence.
Defense challenged the witnesses.
The defendant chose.
A verdict was rendered.
Its simplicity constitutional took the () of terrorism case.
It rendered.
And worth making.
Recent reports about the shootout in Watertown that in often unnecessarily dangerous response during the manhunt.
It is truly remarkable there were more friendly fire casualties Police more and more came and fall in what.
Maybe it was adrenaline, maybe it was just the nature of the weapons.
-- and many police departments -- that police officers are not adequately trained for the weapons they have now.
Dangerous, and too many police departments.
We have a notion of "Boston Strong" coming from's.
I the because it makes it seem that our ability to bounce was we stock and a kick-ass.
True.
Believing that responses to tragedy are a reflection and a "".
What a city was the competency of the response.
The Boylston Street, the police to seal the large crime zone and to the military to do so, the health officials and dehydration triage.
That single of the hundreds hospitals fatalities at the bombing.
One part of't family after the attacks.
Runners had no access to phones and often no identification.
Family members of know where their loved ones were on the marathon route.
First responders focused on getting families back together,.
Once family members are with the trauma.
, Space and safety can focus on more immediate needs.
Must continue to focus on the?
So much.
Could the bombing have been avoided?
What if the FBI had shared information on the Tsarnaev family with local police?
If?
It's "" still essential.
It is crucial and these lessons isn't simply blame,.
Are to make us stronger and more resilient.
But that we.
Looking back can be risky; it the "clarity of hindsight" so in.
Have no doubt that future anniversaries today will be and new might be.
Calculations the favored to GOP calendar concerns "
1.
O'Malley uses test Clinton Slowly but Gov.
Is intensifying his Hillary.
How aggressive will he get?
Stay --.
CNN's Jeff Zeleny says O'Malley enjoys using YouTube as a quick way to spread opinion -- by Clinton reversal on driver's licenses.
"Every time Hillary adjusts to '16 -- on licenses -- Martin has been releasing a YouTube he so that,".
Those YouTube videos channel will be a key part of love "
2.
"Obama": Clinton finds a love Hillary Clinton health care law booster when it comes to his presidential leadership.
AP Lisa Lerer, who was in Iowa this week for the Clinton rollout, analyzes the balancing acts onetime Obama of course went on to serve as his secretary of state.
"She embraced key portions of his legacy -- coming out strong for the law, for for immigration legislation -- but it wasn't all sunshine and".
Also subtle digs on the track-- I can't believe I'm at like.
3.
Clinton signals an important campaign In Democratic politics is the Harris sister who gets the most national buzz.
But a big in question of her votes.
Kamala Harris is the California attorney general and 2016 Senate candidate for the seat being vacated by Democrat Barbara Boxer.
Maya Harris signed top Clinton campaign -- and CNN's Henderson reports it is hiring with a clear message.
"One think, is Maya Harris" said.
"Her resume is really a liberal.
Has Center for American Progress also done work, and also has very interesting looks at the importance of women of color to the electorate. "
This is in, "
4.
Walker-Rubio?
Rubio-Walker?
A general with some GOP buzz Marco direct with when he officially joined the GOP race Gov.
Often talks look for next presidential nominee.
In political circles -- among strategists -- there is debate about potential a neither has been on the trail.
Jonathan Martin of The New York Times says his the a Walker-Rubio pairing is to Beltway.
"that kind of dynamic the way that Clinton and Gore did....
For operative float of "
5.
New Hampshire?
2016, the Republican National Committee used to make changes to the presidential nominating process, including less front-loaded.
Some GOP establishment figures are worried the changes could help candidates who the -- Texas.
Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina their traditional front of the calendar.
Is usually the next eclipsed sports will known as. "
It is still a work in progress.
The establishment is the a Tuesday -- Tuesdays -- in early March include conservative Arkansas.
The is one reason former Gov.
Mike Huckabee thinks more favorable to him.
Ditto Santorum.
't matter and,, were well on time.
Again, there might yet be more.
The parents of the Boston Marathon bombings are making an emotional passionate plea to take the death penalty off the man convicted.
Was found guilty on all 30 charges related to the the 2013 race dramatic dragged out days afterward.
All of the charges The sentencing phase begins Tuesday after the landmark.
Last.
A Boston Globe Bill and Denise Richard wrote about the toll taken on their family after the death of their son, Martin.
Their daughter, Jane, also was severely injured.
"Our family buried our son, and endured numerous surgeries that will never be the same," said titled "the death penalty."
"We sat in the courtroom,, bearing witness to graphic video and photographs,, our alive."
They said the heinousness and brutality. "
We were there.
We lived.
The defendant murdered our son, maimed our 7-year-old daughter, and stole part of our soul. "
The Richards are urging the Justice Department to bring the case to a close.
"We are in favor of and would support the Department of Justice taking the death penalty off the table in exchange for life and all appeal," they wrote.
To: "We know the reasons for seeking the death penalty, but the continued punishment could bring years of appeals the most painful day of our lives.
We hope our remaining have reminder defendant would bring. "
Two others were killed and more 200 people wounded when 2013.
Tsarnaev was Tamerlan was killed in a shootout with police.
The Richards never mention Tsarnaev.
They stress that they were speaking for the death penalty.
Rudd, the drummer for legendary hard has pleaded guilty to charges of threatening a court.
Rudd, who previously denied all allegations, made guilty plea Tuesday.
The 60-year-old Australian was arrested in November last year and.
According to a court summary, Rudd fired several employees his August.
A he called an associate and his personal assistant "out."
Called his personal assistant on the phone, "."
Calls to his personal assistant, he terminated the the phone.
"of threats, the victim was," read.
The drummer's lawyer, Craig Tuck, told the charges were "."
"I will be seeking to have him discharged without conviction," Tuck added.
Rudd could face prison for the charge of.
Released on bail until the hearing.
Describe the U.S.-Iranian. "
're on the board Tehran.
Iran problem and while we twist choices, all the while America's policy on the nuclear issue is on track.
Iran isn't region, but making the issue supposed to the United States is making Tehran taller.
The relationship.
It we are doing terrible and are looking for a equitable compromise to stop our.
Iran about to Post reporter and have made that even while will keep the nuclear not just Iran's serial abuse behavior in Iraq.
I hope there is a carefully orchestrated behind-the-scenes plan to have Iran release.
If not, we're legitimizing a regime and and interests in the process Americans Iran out as part of the deal.
Our allies the Iran deal and up and bolstering relations with ones who are growing's power.
Friends aren't perfect Saudis and the Israelis.
Precisely because Iran.
Sadly, the administration signals that on nuclear.
In the meantime, Iran's allies,, now -- but convenience -- see and are willing to cooperate more in the Iranian game.
The the nuclear issue them to sell missile systems and soon more gain influence.
're losing; Iran is gaining.
In ironies, Iran into the global economy is as the it.
As the Arab world melts down and lacks,, Iran is rising.
The argument is that Iran is taking over the Middle East.
But zone zone critical to the United States -- Yemen --,.
Washington doesn't.
It is tripping over itself trying to figure out how to combat), without favoring the Shia-dominated government Iraqi) and Saudis (no answer).
Iran has time.
Indeed, the threat of ISIS keep the Americans expand in of.
Battle naval assets to the Gulf of Aden, the United States is being outfoxed,.
U.S. ships those of Iran.
As State Department spokesperson said, these U.S. ships to be very clear just.
They are not to Iranian ships.
The purpose of them is to ensure that lanes.
I think there was some misreporting and this.
Clear that the purpose is not to terms Iranian ships. "
It to try diplomacy as a way to constrain Iran's nuclear program.
We should two things.
We won't's nuclear weapons, and two are enabling the region because of diplomacy,.
The reasons the strike is emboldening, but Iran.
As the in, the negotiations are only making Iran business partner.
And real diplomacy.
Will the tamp down aspirations.
We've,, are going to find a way.
A nuclear deal a crisis for now.
(CNN) If someone told you that your city had started providing needles to injecting drug users, would that make you want to start injecting drugs yourself?
The answer, of course, would be no.
Yet for decades the belief that such programs,, promote drug use.
Congress, it became the rationale behind a ban in the use.
But an overwhelming body of scientific evidence continues to show that this is simply not true.
HIV and hepatitis C infections among drug users in the controversial topic of syringe exchange programs has come to the fore again.
And this time and sound public health states the implementation of syringe exchange programs to help curb two diseases that can be spread by contaminated syringes.
-- an estimated 50,000 Americans are newly infected with HIV, and some 8% are among injection drug users.
Meanwhile, between 2006 and 2012 experienced hepatitis C,% acute among young adults.
Overall, the prevalence of acute rose from 36% to 49% in six years.
Numbers on syringe services programs critical reignite.
Have demonstrated conclusively how effective syringe services programs have been in the fight against HIV and hepatitis C transmission among drug users and sharing of dirty syringes --.
In addition to helping curb access to syringes, these programs promote public health and streets and law enforcement,.
Services, such as HIV, form vital bridges to drug employment.
For states such as Washington early syringe services programs have played a crucial role in transmission.
The first state in the United States to implement syringe exchange when it opened a program in 1988.
In New York City injection drug users were HIV positive authorized in 1992 to public health. "
These programs in New York reduction HIV among injecting.
, Will part New York Gov.
Washington Gov.
Inslee to reduce HIV infections dramatically.
Syringe not only lives, HIV costs.
While a clean costs less than 50 cents, the average lifetime cost of treating an HIV-positive person is estimated to be around $425,000.
As HIV-positive injection drug users report higher public programs such as for.
By Johns Hopkins researchers programs% of injections the new HIV drug per year.
This translates into $savings reaped from treatment costs an estimated $64 million.
In other words, syringe saves between $3 and $7 in treatment costs alone.
, Syringe programs are continually caught in political crossfire.
A ban, temporarily lifted of prevents jurisdictions from spending their federal health dollars on.
Ban will not cost any money it simply allows to choose to do so.
Why is this important?
The federal government provides funding for all HIV prevention services.
Without access to federal funding, syringe service programs., shoestring budgets from local and state governments.
Has forced syringe programs across the country to and potentially.
New HIV and hepatitis C infections among states,, that the landscape of injection drug use in America is changing.
We have get ahead of and avert a nationwide resurgence through use.
CNN Langhart had a life.
By the time she finished college.
College she was to law school.
Her life was full of promise, but all when she was just 24 years old.
, Karen Langhart was looking forward to her daughter coming home for Thanksgiving when she received a call from Erika's cell phone.
In, Erika't 'her -- Sean. "
With in hand,, her apartment collapsed.
The fire department paramedics were already on scene.
Desk heard Erika screaming for help and called 911.
"[they were in I think a heart attack and two more on the way to the hospital in she never woke up,",, said.
Karen knew the doctor come to the hospital in Arlington, Virginia.
She said the doctor asked her whether Erika was using any birth control.
She told him was using the NuvaRing, "He said well pulmonary" Karen Langhart said.
Rick Langhart said the immediately.
"It was was a nightmare," he added.
By the time Rick and Karen arrived at the Virginia Hospital Center, Erika was in a coma, in the ICU.
"They determined that Erika had her heart attacks they told,".
Hospital records cited as Erika's pulmonary embolisms.
Erika's parents told a blood clot and traveled to her lungs causing pulmonary embolisms "" overnight.
Daughter.
She died on Thanksgiving.
"We miss her," Karen Langhart said.
A year later, miles away, Megan Henry of life.
It turns out, a classmate of's.
She compete in the Olympics skeleton of sledding.
The scare that shook her in August 2012 threatened her Olympic dreams.
Within weeks of starting the, Henry said during to breathe.
", I was struggling to breathe."
Henry said
"was on my chest all the time."
After seeing doctors tell her she got a pulmonologist.
He told her she had blood clots in her lungs.
"I said know birth control,"
Henry said.
Blood's birth control. "
Followed by an ultrasound, Megan was in danger.
"[The doctor] started to tell me you have multiple pulmonary,".
", going to and going to emergency room was something bad that."
According to her hospital Henry was "" for her pulmonary embolisms.
Went from physical condition.
She was put on blood thinners too.
Her told her control.
"Easy.
Safe.
That's how it was --,, it it wasn't.
't that at all said.
Though has risk for birth control pills, Henry said she wishes that the incidence of blood clots is double to birth control pills.
"There birth control that risks the risks," Henry told CNN.
"If I would have known that."
Number choice. "
The NuvaRing is one of the most popular birth control products.
A flexible ring vaginally, a combination of hormones.
As many women using a contraceptive method, according to the Guttmacher Institute,.
At least 10.5 million women use hormonal birth control pills.
The was approved by the FDA and became available to the United States in 2002.
Pharmaceutical company,, developed the device and manufactured by Merck in 2009.
According to Merck, the NuvaRing is prescriptions.
The NuvaRing's third-generation progestin, hormone.
On the market, touted as inserted vaginally to release continuous hormones. "
It, of a daily birth control pill.
Ring as "a different way to do birth control" and "
Easy. "
Convenient?
Absolutely.
But?
Depends on whom you ask.
Had NuvaRing birth control for linked to other deaths FDA.
A risk of blood clots stands by There is substantial evidence to support the safety and efficacy of NuvaRing. "
While studies have shown that number of severe adverse events is extremely low -- per use it -- the incidence of blood clots than with older birth control pills.
While are cause second-generation birth control pills.
Merck denied.
, There is a risk of a blood clot when using less than blood clots during pregnancy and the immediate post-partum period. "
Among 10,000 women, between five and 20 run the risk of developing a serious blood clot during pregnancy; the risk increases to 65 women.
Among in a combination hormonal contraceptives -- that includes birth control pills, the ring and the patch -- the risk of developing serious blood clots ranges between three and 12 women.
NuvaRing users are higher risk.
Two studies conducted in 2011 and 2012 risk of developing blood clot among NuvaRing users is women.
The's label was FDA about both studies.
The,, and 3,800 others sued Merck.
According to claims filed in federal courts,, "failed blood the manufacturer posed greater risks than contraceptives."
In February,, Merck agreed to pay $100 million in damages.
But the Langharts, insisting Merck be held accountable for what Merck's users.
What Merck is getting away with ""
"I don't understand why the United States product.
It's the way Americans do, ".
"what they do in total disregard for what's going on.
's. "
Instead, to honor Erika's memory, they create a nonprofit they are related to the forms.
(CNN) the Frog has some competition.
Of glassfrog looks like the famous.
Bulging green skin, the works.
The name catchy its: Hyalinobatrachium dianae, or's.
Dianae short.
Scientists found the species on the Caribbean of Costa Rica.
This is big news in the scientific community.
The last time a new glassfrog was found in Costa Rica, according to the Costa Rican Research Center
"Costa Rica is known to have 14 glassfrogs inhabiting its tiny national territory!"
The's said.
It's called a because of its translucent belly.
Organs.
(CNN) Three rabbis accused Jewish men were convicted Tuesday of conspiring to commit kidnapping.
,; Jay Goldstein and Binyamin Stimler were found guilty on kidnapping.
Goldstein were also convicted on charges of kidnapping.
Part of a ring of thousands of dollars to orchestrate the kidnappings through torture involving electric prods and screwdrivers "" that Jewish law requires a husband, court papers said.
The men were arrested in 2013 following an FBI sting operation that ended,, surgical blades and in New Jersey.
Lawyers for the rabbis told CNN they plan on appealing the convictions.
"that women the agunahs the,".
Without a "get," a woman is considered "" a chained woman no matter how the marriage might actually be.
An does not receive a risk of being shunned her adulteress if she moves.
Any future children are considered.
"a traditional" said, lawyer for Goldstein.
Sofer, a scribe who transcribes other documents,, his attorney said.
Nathan Lewin, attorney for Stimler, called the verdict "shocking" and said his witness the ceremonial.
"There's no evidence that Rabbi to be going".
We're going to take steps to correct this injustice. "
Epstein's son, David Epstein, was acquitted on Tuesday of kidnapping charges.
The guilty verdicts on the attempted kidnapping charges against Epstein and charges against the.
Other individuals pled guilty in the case, according to a press release from the U.S. Attorney's office in New Jersey.
Henry Mazurek, the lawyer for David Epstein, said his client was grateful for his client's "bittersweet" to his father's.
"(his) of religion," said.
Sentencing is set for July 15.
(CNN) lawyers for Aaron Hernandez the former New England Patriots star kill a man.
Jury in the high-profile trial an hour-and-a-half Tuesday.
The defense lawyer James it the jury in closing arguments earlier Tuesday, why would a young man kill semi-pro player Odin Lloyd home?
Why would Hernandez leave marijuana blunt the victim at the murder scene?
Did Sultan described prosecutors former tight end the National Football League?
"If there was evidence Aaron to murder Loyd, don't it in nine weeks?"
Asked the jury.
't exist. "
Portrayed Hernandez, -- believed his capable murder of others.
McCauley asked What was Hernandez talking about after Lloyd at a park? "
'my are '"Hernandez said,.
Talking about. "
The state's case wrapped up after testimony and more than 400 pieces of evidence.
Hernandez's defense of the story day.
The sought prosecutors failed to prove that Hernandez.
Even if they found a strong likelihood that Hernandez was involved, the lawyer said, "That's not enough."
's co-defendants Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz, who have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately.
The defense described Wallace and a pair of drug dealers known on PCP killing someone in.
Killing Lloyd
"Did he make all the right decisions?
, Sultan said of his client.
He was a 23-year-old kid who witnessed something,.
He didn't know put.
, He's not after the fact
...
He charged with murder....
The prosecution said were friends of Hernandez, control.
McCauley reminded the jury about Hernandez and his friends sunbathing poolside hours after,, his 8-month-old child with the two men.
"... whatever he wants," the prosecutor said of Hernandez.
The motive for the killing has never been spelled out, but prosecutors said said something didn't sit well with Hernandez.
Said Hernandez friends killing score.
McCauley said a to -- offend Hernandez.
Hernandez's,, testified her a box from she said reeked of marijuana.
She also said she didn't know what was in the box.
The murder weapon,, was in the box.
Concealing the's clothing, said she threw it away in "a random dumpster" but could not remember where.
Another piece of the was grainy footage from Hernandez's home .45-caliber handgun -- police said was used to kill Lloyd.
Hernandez on camera minutes after Lloyd was shot about a mile from Hernandez's home
The video is time-stamped minutes after workers prosecutors Hernandez.
Hernandez's lawyers showed a different the a what appeared to be a shiny object.
It was.
In two murder charges against Hernandez in case.
Hernandez is also accused of shooting Daniel Safiro,.
July 2012 before Lloyd was killed.
Will be tried in after the trial.
About the shooting.
Best known for his portrayal "" died Monday after illness.
He was 88.
Best died in North Carolina of complications from pneumonia,, a longtime Hollywood colleague.
Although actor Best 1979, "The Dukes of Hazzard's" cornpone began beaming into millions of American homes Friday night.
For seven seasons, Best's Rosco P. chased the moonshine-running boys across the back of fictitious,, although usually with him.
Although slow-witted, gave him a childlike enthusiasm laughs.
His character became known "" and catchphrases em and stuff 'em "
Making.
Among the shows in "The Dukes of Hazzard" ran,.
Best's "" co-stars paid tribute to the late actor on social media.
"I learned more from Jimmie,",,
"Give Jesse love when you see him."
"was the most constantly creative person I have ever known," said Jones,, in a Facebook post.
"Every minute of his life was spent acting,'s passions."
Born on July 26, 1926,, Kentucky Best was adopted Best, who renamed him James and Indiana.
Best served during World War II his acting career.
1950s and 1960s,, playing characters in "The Twilight Zone," "Bonanza," "The Andy Griffith Show" and "Gunsmoke."
He appeared in a handful of Reynolds movies, including "Hooper" and "The End."
Best best known for his role.
"was my collaborator for 26 years,.
Feature films recent ',' proud more "
(CNN) Seven people -- Illinois deputy athletic director Aaron Leetch -- died when their small plane.
Aircraft overnight Monday of the Central Illinois Regional Airport, County Sheriff
Tate said.
5 miles from the campus of Illinois State, where.
It was not immediately known who was on the aircraft, which the National Transportation Safety Board tweeted was 414.
The coming back from the Final Four championship game in Indianapolis, according to Illinois State athletics spokesman John Twork.
"reeling from the loss,".
From a Twitter account that purportedly belongs to Ward features pictures from Lucas Oil Stadium where the game.
A picture of a plane with the words "My ride to the game wasn't bad # indy2015f4."
In a statement, Illinois State University President Larry Dietz remembered Ward and as "much-loved colleagues in our athletics department" the crash near Bloomington.
"Words express the felt in tragedy".
"We shock and sadness."
A player of Alabama between 1996 and 2000, played professionally in China before getting into coaching.
He was part of the staffs at the University,, in China before coming to Illinois State as an assistant prior to the 2012 season.
He was promoted to associate coach in May, according to his bio.
From Arkansas, Leetch joined ISU director assuming other roles through 2011,.
Leetch left the Illinois as director of athletics,, then came back in June 2013 as ISU's deputy director of athletics.
He was' production units and had a role in its football basketball and baseball programs.
Athletic Director Larry Lyons described "the business a coach" fans.
"There is no play in for times like these,".
Families we can. "
(CNN) Too little, too late.
The mayor's response to an artist the cost of "Lucy" statue has put the New York town of Celoron in the spotlight this week.
The bronze figure elicited "" and inspired the Facebook campaign "
Get Rid of this Statue. "
The sculpture, a gift to the town from its owners, has been on display since 2009.
", and our conversation he wanted $," Celoron Mayor said.
"stated that if we have the funds and we like the statue, we should take it down and put it."
After the story of the statue caught online this weekend, Poulin publicly apologized Monday for his "unsettling sculpture" in a letter to The Hollywood Reporter.
"I take full responsibility for, no means was my intent or did I wish in any way the of the iconic Lucy image," wrote the letter.
"From the day of its installation I have the believed it sculpture,'s ability."
Been talking for several years about removing and redoing the sculpture.
It seems that has barrier
"It art work is donated to a community angry and the work at your expense."
Poulin wrote the letter.
But the recent media attention to the sculpture seems to have changed his mind.
"put my redoing the sculpture do a better job,".
No thanks, Schrecengost said.
He said for a new sculptor statue.
"It would be reworked from the shoulders,,," said a news release.
The town has set up for donations, made.
But the controversy may be over.
That Jamestown has ties to Lucille Ball's interested in its tribute.
's Tuesday statement an he aimed at Jamestown's Lucille Ball profile of the Celoron statue.
"statue is now -- in Lucille her hometown,, NY," he said.
(CNN) When Al-Shabaab gunmen slaughtered a Kenya on Thursday, it was the bloodiest blow dealt to the bombing..
The long path of violence between Kenya and militants.
To understand Thursday's attack, one must understand Kenya and Al-Shabaab.
Al Qaeda attack that killed more than 200 people Al-Shabaab has killed's most according to a University of Maryland study.
Their attacks have since 2008.
And in October 2011, Kenya invaded Somalia, where Al-Shabaab is based, with the crushing Operation Linda,. "
A with Al-Shabaab retaliating on Kenyan soil with ever more spectacular killings.
Here are some of the attacks on Kenya by.
Early Thursday,, at least four gunman burst into prayer University College, Easter Weekend.
They took whom they herded across campus.
They encountered separated them and.
They spared the former,.
Killed.
Special forces moved in campus about 90 miles border.
Before 147 were shot dead.
In, militants carried out macabre by religion at a quarry.
They shot Christian workers and.
Workers counted at least 36 bodies.
It retaliation,, raids Kenyan security forces.
Parallel Linda Kenya has gone after ethnic Somalis by Human Rights Watch, which accused the government of profiling.
A case Kenyan authorities reportedly let the beating of,.
Passengers on a bus in Kenya's north were told in November.
The 60 people departed,, gunmen in a hilly area.
Those to recite were gunned down, leaving 28 dead.
Responsibility, Al-Shabaab said the was retaliation by Kenyans.
A day after the attack, Kenyan forces retaliated with an offensive across the border into Somalia.
They claimed to kill Al-Shabaab militants.
In July, Al-Shabaab gunmen opened fire on popular region, police station in.
Killed.
Evacuated Kenya after the and that attacks.
The Garissa, the Westgate Mall attack was the deepest inflicted on Kenya.
Four four attackers turned the mall in the capital Nairobi into rubble.
Part of the mall collapsed as Kenyan security forces fought for control.
At least 61 civilians were killed, security.
Al-Shabaab was retaliation for Kenya in Union.
Bombing the U.S. Embassy in 1998 bloodiest terror attack on Kenyan soil
In short, bombs detonated in Kenya back then.
The Nairobi bombing was the Dar.
Member Salim was arrested in the jail where he still awaits trial.
Al Qaeda fighters attacked a prison in the city of Mukallah early Thursday, freeing a third al Qaeda links official.
Al Qaeda figure,, officials said.
Dozens of attackers took control of government buildings,, and radio the assault early Thursday, according to officials.
Al militants fled, the officials said.
, Hundreds of from Al Mansoorah in Aden after clashes between Shiite Houthi rebels and ousted Sunni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi.
Yemen into chaos in the weeks since Shiite Houthi rebels removed Hadi, a Sunni, from power.
The the conflict in Saudi Arabia, -- the country ultimately fled is Shiite and the Houthi rebels.
The conflict in Yemen risks becoming a proxy war between the Saudis in the Middle East.
The Saudis have the rebels and could.
Is simple in the Middle East.
While conflict forces in the country has caused hundreds of deaths, al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, or.
(CNN) is strong in Turkey appears to be at one university petitioning.
The petition, started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the Izmir signatures.
"There are less and less Jedi left," the petition says.
"Padawan" "Star Wars are moving to the dark side
... in the we want a Jedi. "
The page on Change.org also Jedi "Star Wars: Episode II -- Attack of the Clones" young.
"I because the temple is)" one supporter wrote on the petition.
Another supporter wrote: "freedom of worship.
There are mosques everywhere! "
The petition was started by Caliskan, an 18-year-old computer science student from Ankara.
Says he is surprised by the impact has: "
It). "
The satirical document.
An online debate started last month when Mehmet Karaca,, said he would build a mosque on campus if there was enough support.
Karaca another petition asking a mosque be built on campus, which 200,000 students signed.
Twenty students at also signed in response, demanding a Buddhist temple on campus.
"I cannot fulfill my religious needs to go to the temple," Istanbul reason signing.
"religious campus,".
The latest flurry in a civil in the secular.
Turkey's secularist opposition has accused President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his, the Islamist-based Justice and Development Party, of trying to instill Islamic values into everyday life.
The head of Turkey's Islamic religious, the Diyanet, announced plans to build mosques on university campuses across the country.
(Rolling Stone) One summer few years ago, Frances an intern in the New York offices of Rolling Stone.
The of Kurt an executive producer of the new HBO documentary "Kurt:" -- she recalls a cover.
She remembers assistance on cover Brothers -- and working in a cubicle across from with.
"" says with a grin and, "my dad every day."
(story to previously unheard Cobain song.)
That is many stories that come out three late afternoon in early March, Frances, now 22 and artist, speaks publicly for the first time about her life after his death her her mother, Courtney the film directed.
"got to the point where he eventually had to sacrifice every bit of who he was world Frances says
"to why he didn't and would be happier."
Rolling Stone: to a previously unheard Kurt "in reality, if he had lived," she goes on, "I would have had a.
And that would have been an incredible experience. "
Additional excerpts from a remarkable -- and moving -- conversation.
How would you describe ""?
It's emotional journalism.
It's the closest thing to his story in words his his own perception of the world.
It paints a portrait with a human.
I met, I was very specific about what I wanted how I wanted Kurt to be represented.
I, I don't want the mythology of Kurt or the romanticism.
Died possible is and romanticism that's 27 forever.
The shelf life of musician.
Has gotten to icon because he will never age.
Will always relevant that time and beautiful.
Rolling Stone, and
"" is one of my favorite books.
And] had this work ethic, every day and force pages.
You do the work,.
Many people.
Was exceptionally ambitious.
He had ambition.
He wanted his band to be successful.
But he didn't want to be the f------ voice of a generation.
The first time Nirvana and?
I talked to Sean.
He had more years with his dad did.
But.
I really like Nirvana that much [grins]
People, Universal.
I'm more into Mercury, Oasis, Brian Jonestown Massacre [laughs].
The grunge scene I'm interested in.
But "Pissings" [on Nevermind] is a f------ great song.
And "Dumb" -- that song.
Of Kurt himself on titled.
Rolling Stone:, Michael is it Nirvana.
I know.
Something.
No that.
Not interested in the?
No.
I felt more I.
Was around when I was.
And radio, there's my dad.
Our obsessed.
Love.
Kurt had been another his family in the most awful way possible
.
.
He wasn't.
He inspired people to put him on a pedestal Kurt.
He became bigger when.
't think it could have gotten bigger.
It did.
There was a guy who said was a film about people like.
's.
Guide to I found that the told's didn -- not resonate with him.
A like.
That perspective.
The film provided factual information about my father just that were misconstrued, misremembered, rehashed, retold 10 different ways.
It was factual evidence of who my father was as a child, as a man, as a husband, as an artist.
It explored of who he was as a human being.
What was it like hearing his voice?
I've been hearing his voice,.
I was thinking of his speaking voice.
His speaking voice is sort of.
It's sort of monotone.
It way I.
I don't.
Even.
't of genes.
It's very weird how.
Dave Grohl, [Novoselic] and [] came over to a house where.
It was ex-Nirvana]
What I call the "" is when they see me, they see Kurt.
Me can see they.
They were getting the K. C. Jeebies.
Dave, like Kurt. "
They were all talking, I.
I was sitting in,, looking down].
They went have done. "
I was glad they came over [].
It was like minus.
Except for.
What do you do, now that this film is coming out?
In the,.
The timing
.
.I think of it as.
, Yeah.
, Being, it's the first year a fire under my ass -- because of the documentary, just personally.
Motivation and ambition go painting. "
The hardest part creatively is just getting up and doing.
Get into my room, I.
I'm.
'm.
(CNN) UNICEF said Friday that 16 supplies to innocents caught up in the havoc of Yemen, in Yemen's capital, Sanaa.
The conflict is exacting a heavy toll, UNICEF said in a statement.
"The humanitarian situation is worsening all the time, access to water, and critical health services," UNICEF Yemen representative, speaking from Amman, Jordan
"The supplies we have to bring in today can make the difference between life and death for their families -- we know they are are of"
Aid agencies saying supplies.
UNICEF said its cargo included antibiotics,, and other supplies.
As well, the agency said and water airlifted Djibouti from's center.
Also the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said about 900 have arrived in the Horn of Africa.
Many more are reportedly trying to but are hampered by fuel shortages and boat operators.
The dangers flee across Red Sea and Gulf of Aden, agency said
Year reported lost sea crossings to Yemen.
UNHCR appeals to ships in the area to assist in distress.
Waters near Yemen -- including -- to rescues.
It said that,, the crossing are likely to become more crowded -- a crossing has been the other direction people fleeing in Many Yemenis are attempting.
CNN. "
By, the World Health Organization said Friday that at least 643 people killed three weeks ago.
But it acknowledged that the number was almost certainly an underestimate.
"As of 6 April there have been deaths," WHO of the United Nations said in a statement.
Change in days are reported. "
The figures cover the period from March 19 to April 6.
However, deaths and injuries.
Other deaths and injuries.
The country on the Arabian Peninsula deteriorated sharply last month when Houthi rebels advanced on the city of Aden, forcing the country.
Airstrikes meant to halt the Houthis.
(CNN) Canadian fighter jets have carried out against ISIS in Syria, hitting one of the group.
The CF-18 bombed near ISIS de facto capital of Raqqa Department of Defence said Wednesday.
Described the strike.
Canadian forces are part of U.S.-led coalition advances in Iraq.
Canadian warplanes have conducted strikes against ISIS targets in Iraq since November.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced plans last month to expand the airstrikes into Syria.
"This airstrike mandate to tackle terrorism and international stability, said.
"in the region," he said.
The aircraft returned, the military said.
It wasn't immediately clear how many casualties the airstrike caused.
U.S. warplanes have been bombing ISIS positions in Iraq since August and Syria since September.
Western and Middle East nations are taking part in the campaign through support.
ISIS on areas, killing.
(CNN) Officer Michael Slager's career with the North Charleston Police Department ended after deadly a routine traffic stop.
33, has been fired, officials said Wednesday.
His wife is eight months pregnant until the baby is born,.
He also has two stepchildren.
His mother was interviewed by ABC News on Thursday.
She told ABC her son loved being a police officer.
"I can't that
...
It's not him.
Just not his character, Karen Sharpe said.
She told ABC video of the shooting.
Slager told investigators that he used a Taser in a confrontation Saturday with Scott,.
But Scott the Taser, according to.
A circulated video of the shooting death of the unarmed African-American officer tells another story: Scott attempts to run.
His back to Slager,, raises his gun and fires.
Slager is charged with murder.
FBI is involved in the slaying.
"down, said after the shooting,.
Taser. "
Was proficient with nonlethal Taser.
According to on a Taser exam.
The officer the video shows a dark object hitting the ground.
It's not clear whether the Taser.
Later in the video,, he drops a object next to the man.
It's not clear whether the Taser.
It's unknown whether officer Taser or whether officer.
Slager was a police complaint in 2013 after allegedly ", according to the Charleston Police Department.
The a suspect was 5-feet-5-inches tall.
The African-American man confronted was 6-feet-3 inches tall.
A lawyer for the the, said his client plans to file a lawsuit.
"The citizens of North Charleston the" the,, told reporters.
Givens said his tased.
"said
"I fell.
A bruises. "
Slager later in that incident.
"I was upset,".
"They took time to investigate the case."
Slager was cited for failing to file a report after woman called police because.
Slager worked as a waiter before joining the military, records show.
He served in the Coast Guard from 2003 to 2009, according to a application filed with the Charleston Police Department.
Application, 2009, said Slager had not been convicted of a felony in the past seven years.
Documents describe Slager as "" force said he officer safety.
South Carolina, police shooting Slager's in-service training included a range to firearms and.
Slager passed his certifications.
In August, Slager qualification.
From 2009 to 2014, the his firearm.
He received and passed training in "," documents said.
S.C. Academy in March 2013 as "successfully completed" as officer.
Slager completed a separate "active incident response" 2013.
According to the involved a "" motorist with his car struck the car.
Fled.
Police noted "spoke with () in to motor vehicle."
No other details were provided.
Slager oath of police force on March 1, pledging to "faithfully serve the citizens" and "."
"I will enforce the law without fear or favor or ill will, never unnecessary force or violence,".
Who was Walter Scott?
(CNN) homes and businesses have "" storm battered Sydney areas.
By flood waters the roads won't for days Langley, the South Wales Emergency Service said.
Devastating winds lashed cars and homes.
Storm flooding houses down onto streets and buildings.
The emergency services have been slammed with 13,000 calls for help due to flooding and have carried out 144 rescue tasks.
The storm has already claimed four lives, according to Police.
The conditions prompted the department to media for people to attempt driving through flooded areas.
The heavy flooding prompted closures and disruptions.
The adverse weather was caused by intense pressure, said Australia's Bureau of Meteorology.
The wind gusts peaked at 135 (mph) and it () fell in the area on Tuesday.
Transport NSW, which provides the area, issued a warning public of the weather.
A video showing footage of flood waters in.
Samantha Mancuso was in her neighborhood Liverpool suburb on Wednesday when she noticed water pouring.
Said Joe Broad Reserve,, was flooded.
Severe weather caused a local creek to break and flooding is seeping.
(CNN) A complaint has been filed against New Zealand Prime Minister John Key after a repeatedly.
CNN affiliate TVNZ reported that the complaint was filed by Graham McCready, the New Zealand as a "litigant" who launched against Key.
McCready's claimed had breached Human Rights Act relating to sexual harassment, reported.
Seeking compensation for waitress, 26-year-old Amanda Bailey "."
Key publicly apologized to a local cafe for repeatedly tugging on her ponytail after she complained in a blog post.
, Published The Daily, says the behavior.
It was "acceptable" Bailey wrote.
Wrote that didn't directly make clear body language. '
"As he approached me he to raise his hands high, suspense the '," read the post.
Slunk down,'s wife told him to 'Leave the girl alone.' "
The behavior carried on for months, the post states.
The cafe's manager made it clear to Key that his actions were unwelcome.
Auckland cafe wife told that the context of apologized was taken offense.
Says the prime minister offended two of by way.
"We have lots of fun always of practical jokes and things.
's he told reporters day Gallipoli.
"look at it now,.
When took immediately back, apologized and said sorry.
Politicians rounded on Key Green MP Metiria Turei saying the prime minister should be held to the same standards of behavior as the rest of the electorate.
"New Zealanders know what it's like to feel you're not taken seriously in a job.
Politicians to make people feel safe bullied, New Zealand saying
"It's John Key't how inappropriate behavior people are not comfortable with."
Jackie, head of the Commission, echoed the sentiment
"It's OK to touch someone without permission".
".
Political analyst Bryce told the network the would haunt Key.
"people will be laughing at Key, to recover" he said segment.
The National Council of Women of New Zealand, while accepting offend, criticized the premier.
"joined list of sexism highlights sexism is a culture.
,'s Sue McCabe wrote in an open letter.
Up and down this,, are touched without giving their consent.
At one end of the scale, it on.
(CNN) "Success Kid" the Internet famous.
In, a persevering the
Success Kid an 8-year-old named -- needs a to his family.
Justin needs a kidney transplant.
About a week ago,,, a GoFundMe campaign with a goal of $75,000 to help cover the medical expenses that go along with a kidney transplant.
The campaign.
By Wednesday.
Griner told The Daily Dot that her husband was diagnosed with complete kidney failure.
"can no kidney function for Griner said
"are affected he can no longer work and spends 12 hours a week in dialysis clinic
Having dialysis this greatly increases his complications.
The only way is to get a transplant.
Other way around, she said.
The family know available.
Their GoFundMe page has donors.
Sammy's mom posted a picture of him on face.
It so did Reddit.
Is Internet.
(CNN) Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia, in what police called a major operation.
The teens, 19, have since been released "" Federal, but two remain in custody.
, 18, has been charged with a terrorist act and denied bail Saturday.
The other suspect, a 19-year-old, has not yet appeared in court.
"Some collected scenes and some other information leads us to believe this ISIS-inspired" said, Australian Federal Police.
The suspects planned to attack during a, Abbott said Saturday.
"The act was in preparation involved police," he said.
There also police said.
Targeting ceremony centennial I. Abbott avoided the term ISIS Islamic State authorities believed.
Referred to as "Daesh" the acronym that's name in Arabic.
Handle ISIS loathe.
Police also distanced the suspects from any connection.
"are individuals.
They are not any national group Police Commissioner Shane Patton said.
"I think the entire community should be concerned about the young those particular men,".
"this is an issue not just with law enforcement but the broader community
... identifying young men involved at the stage. "
The Nadun Haider killed, said.
Lamented a string of extremist attacks on Australian soil.
In December, Australian authorities stormed a Sydney cafe where a Muslim had been holding hostages, killing the gunman.
Two of the 17 gunman died.
Two men were charged with plotting terror activities in Sydney.
Despite the suspects from Abbott make a connection to the Middle East.
"There are now about a hundred Australians with terrorists in the Middle East," Australia support recruiting, the Prime Minister said.
, Abbott announced citizenship laws as part of the.
Authorities have suspended Australian terrorist activity.
Be stoic about the threat of terrorism, Abbott said
Do who would do us harm. "
Asked Australians.
(CNN) Did New England Hernandez, a man the and?
Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and charges,, in January.
Accused of the shooting of.
During closing arguments, Prosecutor William the trigger man.
Jury deliberations began Tuesday.
Closing the motive is unclear to get a conviction.
Still, jurors a motive.
In's led to two charges against a case in Boston.
It's scheduled to begin in May, officials say.
Has involved of the lives of Hernandez and Here is primer the case was a 27-year-old semi-pro football player for the Boston Bandits.
He was found dead on June 17 a mile from home in North.
He had been shot six times.
Lloyd dating Shaneah, the sister of Hernandez's fiancee,.
Hernandez is charged with orchestrating Lloyd.
Daniel de Abreu and de Abreu outside a Boston nightclub.
Earlier that evening, prosecutors say, de Abreu bumped into Hernandez,.
, Hernandez and and the .38-caliber revolver at them, killing them.
The trial judge in the Lloyd Boston deaths,.
Authorities say Hernandez.
He is facing charges in that case, but is jailed on unrelated charges.
He is suing Hernandez in February,.
Bradley says Hernandez accused him in Miami.
Bradley testified against telling Hernandez pistol during a trip.
From he accused Hernandez of shooting him in the face.
Carlos Carlos,, charged with murder in the death of Lloyd has pleaded not guilty.
A law he cooperated with police and described of Lloyd's death.
Wallace Ernest Wallace is also charged.
He pleaded not guilty and is being tried separately.
Prosecutors call him the Hernandez.
They was Hernandez before is seen on video where killed.
Hernandez's fiancee and the mother of their daughter.
She is charged with accused of lying to a grand jury in.
She has pleaded not guilty.
, Shaneah was dating Lloyd at the time of his death.
Jenkins girlfriend of Lloyd.
Her sister Hernandez.
In sisters on opposite sides, Shayanna prosecution.
Tanya cousin of Hernandez.
In her police found by Hernandez linked to the 2012 Boston homicide.
She charged with before grand juries offers.
She has pleaded guilty to Lloyd case.
She is cancer.
Singleton husband Tanya Cummings-Singleton accident.
Police say his.
A says police Hernandez.
Shaquilla the sister of Lloyd.
She testified she saw her brother get with who turned out to be Ortiz before he was killed.
Prosecutors say text that he was shot was with "know."
Judge ruled text trial, is feared for his life.
Terri Hernandez Terri Hernandez is.
She.
Dennis Hernandez Dennis Hernandez was's father.
He had a close relationship with his and was in.
He Hernandez.
DJ Hernandez Hernandez is older brother.
A high school athlete.
He also was at the University of Connecticut.
Prosecution District Attorney Samuel leading the prosecution against Hernandez, is newly elected mayor of, where the trial is being held.
Assistant District Attorneys McCauley and on the team leading the case.
"Probably my career... will be defined more by this case than done," said.
Attorneys James Sultan Fee are handling Hernandez's defense.
Fee said Hernandez "was a future, not a murder."
I talk about events my daughters, Britt and wildly offensive me bring up.
One of the things my 7 and 9, is respecting people no matter who you are and what you go on to accomplish.
Something that I show respect to everyone from a taxi driver to the President of the United States.
Let me say that I cool from time to time, whether it's a call complain or an.
In cases when I'm "unacceptable, unacceptable" in disgust storm off.
These would I think insult or demean the person in these situations.)
McHenry's comments, such as how she's imply that that her career,, is people who don't get educational.
McHenry showed she forgot "" lessons that she hasn't lived her life with that mantra.
Has apologized saying she said "regrettable things" she was during an experience at a towing company in Virginia, she should "respectful and take the high road."
Clear apology watched the video of her company.
"I see Britt McHenry, and think's not just about how a celebrity shouldn't act in public, all of us," wrote "Cait" on Twitter.
Said "" on "I had no idea who Britt was before she's taught not to be."
"language and disdain on her, her.
Sudden vile.
This after years and behaviors.
Wrote McHenry to fire her.
The McHenry story seemed to strike my daughter asked what was going to happen.
This I told for a by and led to conversation.
Get it celebrities to remember "treat people the way you want them to treat you" uncomfortable moments.
Celebrity apologies:,, Britt out these examples of how powerful handled stressful situations with grace and dignity.
After seriously, saying insulting things about, her response.
Me.
I'm.
It doesn't.
Free world.
Say.
I've just what people think, "
A college gets suspended for calling Little'ne. "
Her response?
She asking reinstate.
"chance win shutout in Little League history
"...
He's really hurt and I know he.
I mean, was I. "
When an Argentinian journalist wrote to Pope Francis about the pontiff with the of election the, what did the Pope do?
Well picked up the phone and call.
Could have been for that conversation!
Graceful because after journalist pledged to pray.
When Queen faced immense criticism after allegedly lip-synching the national anthem in President Obama's inauguration in 2013, she didn't.
Instead, she admitted singing along with her "" at only after she opened her with what rendition.
, Reese Witherspoon may be the closest example for McHenry to consider when.
When Witherspoon were pulled over in 2013 for suspicion of driving under the influence, the Academy was making comments such as, "Do you know who I am?"
And find out who I am. "
She issued an apologetic statement, and went on morning television to apologize more.
"We in Atlanta, and one too many we thought we were fine to drive and we absolutely were not," she said on "Good Morning America."
"It, and we embarrassed.
We know and we shouldn't have done that. "
And,, stay in the car.
I learned that for sure, told the host.
Now, did that when company else makes incredibly for their weight,,?
Hope.
Can you think responded to a situation?
(CNN) American suburbanites can do their shopping without, a new place give credit to Alfred Taubman.
Taubman, a developer life upscale indoor malls, died Friday at the age of 91.
The announcement was made by, Robert Taubman,, chief executive officer of., the company his father founded 65 years ago.
A. Taubman -- his first name -- was born January 31 in Michigan to immigrants who hit the Great Depression.
"when I was 9," he told an interviewer
To make money. "
An Army Air Force veteran of World War II, he studied architecture at University near Detroit and worked for an architectural firm, but decided that the to.
"I wanted to build."
In "Threshold Resistance: The Career of a Retailing Pioneer," Taubman said he "saw and better stores."
Taubman Co. in 1950 began to what the company "-- a phrase coined to describe barriers that keep a shopper from entering a store."
As post-war growth continued, retail developers like Taubman began: more shop.
Embarked on developments in the 1950s,, Michigan ground on his first mall, 350,000-square-foot in Ann Arbor.
"I looked at as far as I was concerned we couldn't miss,".
And we didn't. "
Not.
, Forbes and malls generate according to the website.
Taubman amassed billions.
He bought renowned international auction house Sotheby's.
In 2002 he was jailed following a conviction for conspiring with's auction commission rates to.
He was released in 2003 after having served nine months in prison.
Prison.
Was renowned for his design and developing of malls in the United States.
He first project was a freestanding bridal shop in Detroit.
Over decades, his 20 properties in including developments, The Mall Short New Jersey and The Shops,.
His designs evolved but.
His influence American and the.
People remained active until the end of his life.
He devoted his later years to philanthropic activities.
Over three weeks before his death, he attended the grand opening of The Mall with his sons Robert and William.
According to a statement by Robert Taubman, the patriarch had dinner in his home in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, on Friday, died of a heart attack.
He is survived Institute's advisory board Rounick.
(CNN) Marine life seen swimming.
Temperatures warmer than they should be.
Snow.
Scientists are saying "The Blob" could be a factor.
As monikers, the blob doesn't sound worrisome.
A California resident drought, the blob could become concern.
A University of Washington climate scientist and have been studying the -- a huge area of unusually warm water -- for months.
"In the fall we notice a big circular it 2014 ever seen it year," said Nick Bond, the Joint Ocean in Washington.
The blob its, said it was 1,000 miles miles deep in 2014 has grown this year.
There are two in the Southwest Fisheries National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
Sea is off the coast of Southern California.
Waters in the have been warmer by 5.5 degrees, a significant rise.
Studies published in's a high-pressure ridge over the West Coast calmed ocean winters.
More heat staying in because storms didn't help cool the surface
"The temperatures aren't due to, but" a news release from the University of Washington announcing said.
NOAA.
According to magazine, are exploring some fish.
Magazine and wildlife in Alaska have seen skipjack tuna and.
Pygmy whales have been spotted off the coast of Washington.
"" of the Northwest Fisheries Center in Seattle told.
And he worried salmon that normally feed on tiny crustaceans and other food sources around in the the the Pacific Northwest.
"nothing to eat" last year conditions the blob.
Has moved to cooler waters.
January, told Chinook Beach his concern is young salmon still.
"In particular, would to sea spring," he said.
NOAA said in a last month sea lion have been underweight things to eat.
"We have been seeing dehydrated sea lions show up on beaches," assistant stranding coordinator for told CNN.
The numbers that stranded sea lions are pups, officials said.
Of sea stranded in California also is affecting land.
For the past few years ridge of has dry and exacerbating in Oregon.
Primary snow.
In April, the snowpack in at a time when it should be.
This year low of snow 5% of the annual average.
April 1 25 1977 2014.
(pdf) Gov.
Announcing water restrictions the same day a patch of dry, Nevada is up.
California snowpack water restrictions heat has caused rising air, which can lead to conditions that produce thunderstorms.
With warmer in California, areas at higher snow have seen rain.
That has led to lower snowpack and drought.
The storms mean more more wildfires.
And the blob affects other areas of the country.
That same persistent jet pattern has allowed cold into Midwest and East.
Stuck pattern has led to cold snow in the Northeast the last two snows seen Detroit have seen in decades Chicago.
The weather pattern is confusing experts.
There are some that think it might be a Pacific Oscillation, a long-lasting in the Pacific.
Dennis professor of atmospheric science at the University of Washington, doesn't believe the answer is clear.
"I don't think we know" he said in the university's news release.
"will go quickly and for a third year, we know something really unusual is going on."
() to the most human settlement archipelago in the South Atlantic, home to just 270 people.
The tiny settlement of Tristan da Cunha is seeking the help of the world over to secure its future into the 21st century.
With the Royal Institute, the UK territory is international and make the island 200th settlement.
As of the only seven family on the islands.
There are mainly the sailors 19th century British.
A handful of Brits.
TV series or reading up on William "" won't be required for competition entrants.
Instead, with energy remote housing and systems are encouraged to apply.
"The built environment on the island () making structures," island administrator Alex Mitcham told CNN visiting the UK.
That most existing homes and buildings on Tristan da Cunha are small from made concrete and local.
Simple to the infrastructure for and internet remain limited.
Is also only a in its Edinburgh Seven Seas.
According to Porter of RIBA have to factor in "how can we get material ashore and we actually think that once?"
"There are limitations on the amount of cargo trans-shipped," he added.
Tristan is made up of four islands.
Tristan is largest land mass one.
Two more islands,, lie close by.
A third Gough is situated roughly 230 miles away.
Gough and Inaccessible are sites.
The closest mainland port, days sailing time and north-east.
Tristan has cafe hall and swimming pool.
There are also expatriate Tristanian nurses and school teachers with some 30 students of varying ages.
The island's main exports reaching Japan company exclusive rights.
Tristan earns income from the sale of stamps, coins and handicraft souvenirs, explained.
Also from tourism and accommodation.
"As it is the remotest island in the world, Tristanians are already very self sufficient, being able to produce many foodstuffs (fish, livestock and potatoes)," Mitcham said.
However, the cost has increased in recent years, he added.
With transport and communication links, the islanders are keen to on the efficiency.
"We are updating 40-year old infrastructure," said of the last time the island experienced a major redesign.
Modernization happened roughly a decade after the island.
Before, the main for the world was code.
Things have changed since then
", and waste have just been completed," Mitcham said.
Founding is an appropriate time to look at new initiatives that may be of the. "
Architects have until mid-June to submit their.
The will be whittled after further between June and September.
Porter Mitcham will apply.
In announced in June.
(CNN) Arizona released a brawl that left man dead and reportedly involved members of a Christian family band.
Killed in the fight in suspect shot and taken into custody.
Police Daniels was hit by a bullet fired during the melee.
The police dashcam video,, shows Police approaching identified members of around Walmart parking lot on.
Officers wanted to question the a Walmart.
Police another Walmart employee.
On the video, an officer tells the group "separate them."
Responds, "No going to my parents, don't touch me."
The video shows a police officer being knocked to the ground.
Taser is heard.
And at least three shots were fired in an apparent struggle for gun.
On the video the group appears to surrender, but starts fighting.
Officers and.
Police charged four members of the family with assaulting and resisting arrest.
Two minors were also taken into custody and are being held at a juvenile detention facility.
Three members of the family are a "" is a refers to, according to CNN affiliate.
The family of Suburban.
(CNN) The killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire,, is said by some scholars and others to have been the first genocide of the 20th century, even though the word "genocide" did not exist.
The issue of whether to call the killings a genocide is emotional, both for Armenians,, and for Turks, Ottomans.
On national identity as historical.
Some Armenians feel what happened to their forebears is acknowledged.
Some Turks view the Armenians a threat say many ethnicities -- including Turks -- were killed in the chaos.
, Turkish fear of could lead to for.
What do we know about happened in those days?
Some answers: The Turks, having entered World War I on the side of Germany and the Austro-Hungarian Empire, were worried that living in the Ottoman Empire would offer to Russia.
Russia had of Constantinople (now Istanbul), which controlled the Black Sea --.
Many historians agree that the number was about 2 million.
Mass killings also included Armenians in rule Ottoman East.
Authorities were portraying Armenians as a threat to the empire's security.
Then,, authorities in the empire's capital rounded up about 250 Armenian intellectuals and leaders.
Deported assassinated.
Known as Sunday is Remembrance Day by Armenians around the world.
Is the anniversary of.
Major.
Estimates 300,000 between 1914 and 1923, not all of the victims in the Ottoman Empire.
Most -- between 1915 and 1918 by Ottoman authorities -- 1.5 million.
Forced in to.
One.
While the death toll is in dispute, photographs from the era document some killings.
Some Ottoman soldiers with severed heads, others with skulls.
The victims are reported to have died and drowning,, poison, disease and starvation.
Children were reported to have been loaded into boats,.
Was reported.
To the the majority was. "
No.
Genocide word defined crime.
The word "genocide" was invented by a Raphael.
Word race killing.
Genocide became a crime in 1948, the United Nations Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide.
The whole or in part national. "
European Parliament.
Germany, the 100th anniversary of the killings.
The United States and the United Nations.
The killings genocide in 1985, current U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon declines word.
A year ago on anniversary Sunday, then-Turkish Prime Minister () Recep Tayyip Erdogan offered condolences for the mass killings he said had "consequences."
(CNN) Larry Upright died just one day after Hillary Clinton announced she was running for president.
His obituary made two requests to hospital and vote.
A staunch Republican, died Monday at a North Carolina hospital.
He was 81.
"flowers, obituary reads
You.
R.I.P.
Grandaddy. "
McLain said it line in her father's tribute.
"He was very passionate and passed a little of that on,".
Son Michael Upright said he knew his father the request.
"'s, just laughing out loud," he.
Upright's passions included.
His greatest joy was his family, former Shriner Club,.
From the, he became an avid golfer.
's last lines of his obituary that spurred comments from across the country.
"You solemn will," Marina Shear of Dallas obituary.
"a, Upright Ron of Forsyth, Georgia
"I your November.
Rest in peace. "
Nigel Dufont of Kannapolis, North Carolina offered his condolences but wouldn't budge on his support of Clinton.
But I am! "
He wrote.
An stayed open-minded enter the field.
"rest in peace.
(CNN) is more than ready for Hillary Clinton.
State confirmed Sunday the political after her bid, Clinton will seek the Democratic Party's nomination for president.
"I'm hitting the road to earn your vote,," Clinton said in a video released Sunday her campaign.
"I hope you'll join me on this journey."
As Clinton sets off onto the campaign trail to reintroduce herself to donors across the country, Wall Street are ready to roll out the red carpet.
A financial boon for Clinton, a delicate balancing act to appeasing a vocal wing of her party that is antagonistic toward the banking sector.
Clinton has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry.
For, Wall Street the industry during her last presidential campaign.
There is industry for her presidency marked by the 1990s and broad financial deregulation, including the investing.
Clinton's allies in finance a broad network of potential donors.
Many on the broader business Obama's office.
Robert Wolf, former CEO of and a close associate Clinton said there's an "incredible amount".
"the senator runs a firm headquartered in Manhattan, told CNN.
"I don't think it's surprising that the former senator of New York is close to the finance community."
Longtime Clinton friend and Democratic fundraiser Alan Patricof,, said Clinton has "an enormous following".
"people who perhaps know her as well are all set to jump on the bandwagon,".
He added, just an acceleration of interest for. "
But the won't sit well.
Former Wall Street a liberal hope to push the nominee to embrace progressive ideals.
Clinton, her first presidential campaign has grown on.
Her video message on Sunday centered on upward mobility and economic recovery that has left some behind.
"tough economic times, but the deck is stacked in favor of those at the top," Clinton said, vowing to be a "champion" of "everyday Americans."
With her recent public appearances where been hitting on populist economic themes.
On a range of issues that appeal to liberals, such as the wealth gap and equal pay, in the months leading up to her announcement.
In January, she took to social media to defend the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform has tried to roll back.
"reform is risky" on Twitter.
Bill Daley, a longtime Clinton ally and former Obama chief of staff, said Clinton has to the party.
If she policies financial crisis, said, "that's a problem."
He continued: "My guess is enough policy positions that she's in the tank with."
Clinton's early gestures have not satisfied some activists to Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren.
Liberal groups have even launched a formal to the senator and highlight her progressive views.
Former New Hampshire Sen. Judd Gregg, who served as head of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, said Clinton from "center very much to the left."
"Hillary has been and,".
"going to get the nomination, but she may be from the left."
While Warren has shown no interest in running for president, other Democrats have been taking aim as the early.
Former Maryland Gov.
Martin O'Malley, Sen. Jim Webb and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, an independent who caucuses with Democrats.
Potential campaigns,, Wall Street and toughen regulations.
None of these potential candidates will be able to compete with Clinton's extensive fundraising apparatus.
Exert Clinton to embrace progressive policies.
After Clinton's announcement Sunday, activists declared that the former secretary of state must prove her bona fides.
"We look forward to Hillary Clinton candidates out and hearing whether Warren has spent her life leading," said Ready for Warren campaign manager Erica Sagrans.
In the coming days, Ready for Warren will be stepping up efforts to convince Warren to run for president. "
Is a formally declared candidate, strategists expect Clinton to out her economic and.
Democratic strategist Chris Lehane Democratic with Clinton announced candidate, "she'll offer a compelling rationale" for her campaign.
Clinton's, said he envisioned an economic message for her "I grew up in the Midwest in a middle class family, I understand the challenges that they face, we need to make sure that America gives people a fair shot."
Despite Clinton's embrace of more populist rhetoric, finance business leaders aren't too concerned that she will that are.
Expect she will be able to economic goals aimed at the middle class rails as the country gets more distance from the financial crisis.
Kathy Wylde, president of the,, predicted Clinton would maintain her relationship with Wall Street.
The fact that Clinton ", open relationships with the business and financial world suggest that she's," Wylde said.
CNN driver championship leader Lewis Hamilton stole pole position Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix from teammate and rival Nico Rosberg in dramatic fashion.
Hamilton place row last lap by a slim of.
The two friends enjoyed,, a Rosberg's annoyance at Hamilton.
German upset as he left car to shake hand.
He did, however, find time to congratulate fellow Vettel, who third after the surprisingly won Malaysian GP two weeks ago.
"I don't mind him having poles)," nonplussed Hamilton after the session.
He can have the trophy for most.
As long as trophy winning that's all that matters.
Qualifying is not the end of the world. "
"I am frustrated" In press conference Rosberg appeared more, shocked by Hamilton's minute burst.
",, yeah," Rosberg admitted.
"It's so close and of course I have to pole today...
It's just four hundredths makes it because.
100 per cent and four.
Will Vettel second and will be a repeat of Ferrari's performance in Malaysia, Hamilton.
But has all weekend a of support in Shanghai has always on.
"Have you seen the banners that I have?"
He told the press when asked why he liked racing at so much.
I have's pretty unreal.
I just like the track.
(CNN) in Phnom Penh, Cambodian-American Ly is telling an engrossed audience a tragic, familiar story.
On April 17, -- -- as Ly when her hometown, the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh, fell to the Khmer Rouge regime of the Communist Party of Kampuchea.
Ly was separated from her and her sisters who, along with the entire -- were sent into the work.
Ly them what happened to them.
About 20,000 people died during this exodus at; were subjected to rural camps once they reached their destination, where many met fates.
The Khmer Rouge's program, intended to -- free of family ties,, and foreign influence.
An utopia would prove one of the worst of the era, resulting in the deaths of Cambodians.
Ly remained with her other siblings, the following years her father was shot to death.
His killing prompted Ly to leave her sole remaining family member,, in care.
On her way to the United States.
For more than 30 years she has wondered what happened to her baby sister.
"she was the" she says, with tears in her eyes.
Story,.
's Bo.
Ly embraces her sister and both sob.
"I missed you so much," Ly says.
"," tells her.
Since began five years ago, the, "Dream," 54 families.
More than 1,500 have sought help.
One of which Cambodia's traumatized is beginning the fraught, painful reckoning with their history.
"The scars of the Khmer Rouge are very deep present in Cambodia," said Theary, whose parents were killed by the regime as a refugee before returning to her homeland.
As of orphans. "
After driven forces in January, crimes were seldom let alone seek victims.
In large part, this was remained,.
Snuffed Khmer Rouge for two decades.
After fleeing the capital in 1979, Rouge and his supporters established.
As became part of a government-in-exile until 1990, recognized as the country's only representative.
"In many villages, people have been living side by side with the executioners for decades," said of the Center for Khmer Studies.
A Cambodia for Analysis and Resolution said for many years there was a virtual taboo speaking of the Khmer Rouge as a malevolent spirit lurking in the room. "
Silence was to the Cambodians,, "lacked" of therapy and of the magnitude of society.
The Khmer Rouge reboot "Year Zero" had involved's educated classes --.
"generations of Cambodian grew little more than,.
"When it was, there effectively no country could pull up."
Today, said Uk, young Cambodians school.
In an impoverished country -- one of Asia's poorest, albeit% economic growth -- most people seemed to be focused on looking back, she said.
Some the Khmer Rouge crimes the systematic butchery of the "" occurred, she added.
For discussing redressing the past decade of the Khmer Rouge Tribunal, said.
Founded in 2006 in Cambodia a "hybrid" tribunal using the.
As a southeast Asian, the tribunal $enjoyed support.
"had great hope".
"presence of the international community raised comfort about the crimes."
But seemed given advancing of suspected criminals, two died while facing trial.
Was ruled unfit to stand trial.
The Khmer Rouge's top leader,, faced charges.
With of interference from the Cambodian government, has soured attitudes towards the court.
As a civil party, today regards it as a sham. "
For many victims, it is too little, too late. "
OPINION for Khmer Rouge the first case heard,, -- of the notorious Tuol Sleng were -- received a life sentence for crimes against humanity, murder and torture.
The court's only other verdicts, in August last year,, "Brother Two" and Khieu, "Four" to life.
Both have appealed their convictions.
Separate are on trial on additional charges of crimes.
Evidence is expected to continue said.
Two highly controversial cases, known as 003 and 004, are also under investigation.
Three people were charged last month in relation: commander Meas Muth Im, district deputy accused centers.
Other suspects are being investigated.
Olsen said cases would be pursued after 003 and 004.
Prime Minister Hun Sen, Cambodia's strongman leader for decades, has been a vocal opponent, claiming that pursuing the cases could push the country towards civil war.
Former Khmer Rouge battalion commander defected to the perceived interference is critics like attempt to shield the tribunal.
Others are more forgiving of the tribunal's shortcomings.
Etcheson, investigator for the tribunal, described it as an "imperfect vessel" for delivering justice, Cambodia strike a balance between delivering justice, and reintegration of former Khmer Rouge into society.
He said the most important aspects of the tribunal's work are those outside the courtroom -- triggering changes.
"In the proceedings... more successful than hoped," he added.
, Cambodians today fear to the extent that perpetrators feel say.
Krisna said the country has a wave of Khmer Rouge former cadres wanting to argue before they die.
"There's people who want to been fooled by a revolution which"
"Number" published ahead of his trial,, a Sorbonne-educated former diplomat for the Khmer Rouge regime, published his "of Khmer" in French in 2013.
He told France's Le Monde that he believed that dictator Pol Pot's Cambodia sound.
"I remain convinced that Pol Pot of Cambodia,, was correct," he said.
For survivors, these crimes gone unpunished must be hard to take.
But of, Cambodia's opening about has finally brought about of healing bittersweet.
"", hugs footage woman
"Do you know the person in the video?"
's host asks.
"says
"She is."
Moments later,,, brought up.
? "
Te asks.
"I worried about you two."
"I you" says.
The three women cry
More than 20 countries, drawn to Libya as the Europe.
Eritreans to escape repression or military Somalis flee clan have given up hope of returning home.
In villages in Senegal across Africa, men in hope in Europe to join a who.
Tens of thousands making the trek to the Mediterranean coast are as the nationalities according.
But in 2014 more than 80% of them headed for the Libyan coast as the easiest embarkation.
From the Horn of Africa from Syria and Gaza, migrants travel well-established routes.
They risk kidnap are often left stranded.
Migrant reported surviving on days.
To Malta told researchers that he warned family members not to come.
"its 95% will die," he said.
The International Organization for Migration (IOM) has Africa.
Eritreans prominent among escaping authoritarian government indefinite military service -- land.
Conscripts are the and forced to under threats of torture, according to a report by the Regional Migration Secretariat () in Nairobi last year.
They travel so long as they can avoid the border, and are handed from one group of smugglers to the.
Eritrean told the agency this month that Mediterranean.
Of the migrant to Europe last year, Malakooti, director of migration research and author of one of the most detailed studies of migration.
Has countries, her study.
The "push" than the Europe.
Upheavals instability across Africa and the Middle East -- with the perception have led to a increase in the trying.
"Worsening Eritrea" has been one factor, -- while Eritreans in refugee camps have decided to make.
One reason is that other routes -- through to Israel -- have become more difficult: Israel has adopted a tougher approach Eritrean migrants to the country,, and's implosion has cut off that conduit.
As one Eritrean told the humanitarian journal last year: "People were traveling because it was the only way, and now they're traveling because it's the only way."
The third most numerous nationality among migrants headed face crises.
"Extreme poverty; insecurity; violence and human rights violations; food," all,.
Sea-tossed storm of misery Italian CNN is seeing a spike in migrants from Mali,.
Libya is an opportunity: border posts are abandoned,.
West Africans journey; are in their twenties.
Populations are swelling but farmland and economic security shrinking.
Often say son find work home -- misled by of.
Expectations fueled migrants destination rarely send home of them.
But Africans who have possessions to be caught stranded can face return home: Senegalese were repatriated from Libya by and.
Malians of jihadist groups seized nearly half them back.
Millman of there's also been an increase in the Nigerian following and brutality inflicted on their towns and villages.
Another disturbing phenomenon, according to Malakooti, is the trafficking of African women to Italy.
A small fraction of the migration, the number smuggled rose says.
Migrants risking their lives to reach A group the Global Initiative Against Organized Crime estimated last year that about half of migrants pass through Agadez in northern Niger.
A crackdown in 2013 on convoys leaving stemmed the flow for from the Toubou tribe,, routes and prices.
A migrant to reach southern Libya a researchers.
Passing through Agadez are difficult to come by, the consensus among experts is somewhere between 2,000 and 7,000.
Other hubs include Khartoum for migrants and Algeria, where a passage.
Refugees, new visa requirements have forced them --.
Hundreds of thousands of migrants have been in Libya for years, attracted to jobs as day laborers.
Now they face violence, discrimination and persecution -- and are unable home.
At least some are on a journey to Europe to take.
Malakooti believes this is a factor in the trying to reach Europe.
Egyptian and's have departure.
Similar to Syrian refugees.
Initially, they neighboring countries to wait out says.
The resources to accommodate them have evaporated reach Europe and.
Within Libya, smugglers for the most part appear to be networks, according to human rights organizations.
They cluster in dusty towns' connection houses.'
Driving migrants to Tripoli may with gangs.
A journey across the desert to avoid checkpoints cost a migrant: armed rivalries.
Tribal feuds, roaming militias and criminal gangs mean migrants need the smuggler.
The arrival of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) has complicated; Sabha.
Malakooti a changing pattern since the Syrian conflict began.
More money into the smuggling become more organized.
Reliable groups can charge more says some migrants buy "" includes overland and sea.
Migrants are relatively better than Africans, place on the vessel.
Africans are often locked in hold and are more vulnerable if a vessel sinks, or consigned to an inflatable dinghy.
Fearing, the smugglers on the boats instead giving migrants off of the sea have left.
As more dangerous for migrants,.
Some West Africans opt to travel through Morocco -- even though the chances are crossing to Spain difficult.
"A migrant might need 50 or 60 attempts before making it to the coast,".
Increased security along border with Morocco have fences --.
But may be little.
The Eritrean writer Bakr made the desperate voyage to the Mediterranean.
In his novel "" he describes the "lure" of escape.
Only too late discover a grim sea: 'God loved me he' groaned one of the passengers.
The threw into the sea.
The boat at the of "
(CNN) A 24-year-old man is in custody after an ambulance, French authorities evidence to target churches Syria top said Wednesday.
The man was Ghlam French told television.
Paris Prosecutor asked for medical help at his home district Sunday morning,.
Authorities found more than with a gunshot wound.
Said killing a 32-year-old who launch a larger-scale terror attack.
He let them believe he was the victim, "French President Francois Hollande said Wednesday.
But police understood that there was an investigation that needed to be initiated. "
That probe started in earnest when police spotted traces of suspect's car.
Based on this "the suspicious the individual," and found a Kalashnikov three cell phones, a key, "documents that contained information on possible targets,".
A search potentially, including three more bulletproof,, euros "mentioning Qaeda".
"attack said
".
Ghlam identified as a computer originally from Algeria.
According to, he lived in that North African country, joined France for years, then went back to Algeria.
His undergraduate degree, then returned.
'd, the accusation in August was later withdrawn.
But that didn't mean French authorities didn't know about Ghlam.
"He had been noticed to go to Syria,".
The prosecutor added that authorities found he was imminent threat, "but he was under surveillance."
Law enforcement checked on the man once in 2014 and again this year,.
The man planned to head to Syria, years-long war wishing to join.
There was no indication.
But, that the man asked him to a church. "
Church?
Authorities on Wednesday, though say "this target was confirmed by (the suspect's satellite navigation system) and car."
Paris cathedral and Sacre Coeur, both tourists.
It's not known if either were in line to be attacked, but Prime allegedly targeted was.
't walk free anytime soon -- for now he's in custody awaiting possible attack.
But authorities say victim.
Aurelie Chatelain.
32-year-old found Sunday in the passenger seat of a Villejuif, killed her in.
Cazeneuve said Chatelain was the mother of a 5-year-old girl and had come to the region on a class.
Not known suspect
Nonetheless,, Chatelain called the region's first victim of terrorism since January.
The massacre at Charlie Hebdo and the siege of a kosher market took place, prompting French authorities to beef up security measures.
"other nature
"...
Terrorists targeting France.
Jerusalem (CNN) The remembrance burns in Jerusalem memory Braham as it never has before.
's Memorial Day commemoration is for bereaved family members such as Braham.
"Now I truly understand everyone who has lost a loved one," Braham said.
Her husband,, was one of 17 people killed in attacks in Paris.
He was in a supermarket when a gunman stormed in,,.
Terrorist, recorded the attack.
Philippe Braham in Jewish Agency held a ceremony to mourn victims of terror.
"we share, Braham said to.
Protect us. "
As Israel mourns the nation's, French Prime Minister Manuel Valls announced after terror plot.
Is fully following January's.
Braham's loss.
Lives for her young children.
Two daughters.
Tells them stories of to keep memory alive and to keep herself strong.
She pauses as she speaks describe the love of her life was her.
We had perfect.
We had.
We didn't.
Like the day, she said,.
Has told this story before.
One month after, a gunman attacked Denmark Dan Uzan, who was working as a security guard for.
Uzan was laid to rest in Copenhagen.
Valerie,'s parents attended the memorial service in Jerusalem.
The attacks on mind groups to commemorate victims.
The attack forced her fear.
"I hesitating
"It seems they found a way to attack of.
It seems easy, and it's frightening. "
When asked she feels hesitate.
Confident answer
In Israel.
Obviously, in Israel.
Will move to Israel. "
(CNN) A Palestinian's name will be removed from an Israeli memorial commemorating fallen soldiers and the victims of terrorism after his family and others complained.
Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name appeared this week on Jerusalem's national cemetery, the nation Wednesday.
Abu Khdeir, was burned alive by three Israelis,.
A picture on the memorial website for Abu Khdeir called "" a symbol often used on Memorial Day, when the country honors its soldiers killed in the line of duty.
But Abu Khdeir's family objected to his inclusion on the memorial wall.
, Hussein Abu Khdeir, said his permission to put his son's name on the wall.
"I refuse that my son's name will be listed between soldiers of the occupation," he said.
Almagor, an organization that works on behalf of victims of terror, opposes's the memorial.
Almagor teen's death as a rogue said.
"Somebody, and we are going to fight to," said Almagor CEO Meir Indor.
"recognize someone who was murdered in a brutal way an"
Indor's organization the country's social security, memorial site -- demanding's name be removed from the memorial.
Indor teenager's name of Almagor want family members' names removed.
On Wednesday Institute of Israel will remove name from memorial following his father's complaints.
The teen has already been removed from the names.
(CNN) Looks like another good-looking person is joining the cast of "Zoolander 2."
Actress Penelope Cruz will appear in the upcoming the film, Ben Stiller announced Friday.
Stiller, who plays male model photo "" was "excited" to welcome the cast.
Stiller and, who plays model "" made a surprise appearance at to promote the film.
February.
Photos on social media the in dropping hints to the plot.
, Has a son sequel!
(CNN) Tuesday "Operation Decisive Storm" -- campaign in Yemen -- and
"Operation Renewal" on.
Saudi Arabia on Yemen, hoping to wipe out rebel group that has overthrown the government and seized power.
The Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni government, a key U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda, was earlier this year.
Said airstrikes key capital.
The campaign achieved its objectives said Brig.
Gen. Ahmed Asiri, a Saudi military spokesman.
A senior official told CNN that the Houthis agreed to "all demands" of the U.N. Security Council.
President Ali Abdullah Saleh and his family will position said.
From the Saudi next phase of operations including protecting humanitarian and medical and security.
Troops will protect the border and any attempts to destabilize the situation,.
Military action will be needed.
Campaign, the Saudis said.
To Yemen "" said a statement from Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar and Kuwait.
Hadi the Saudi-led coalition.
Hadi claims Yemen's leader and is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to his country.
"We promise to restructure the military to the people of Yemen," Hadi that he would return at "the right time".
"many to come in our military, far from rebel militancy," said.
Tuesday, a U.S. official told CNN that the United States is conducting "".
Official over the last days not Iranian ships to ensure freedom and security.
Saudi Arabia?
(CNN) He was known as mouthpiece, speaking his native country on behalf of a terrorist organization resources.
But not anymore.
The White House announced Thursday that Adam, was killed in a U.S. government counterterrorism operation.
Ahmed Farouq -- another U.S. citizen and al Qaeda operative who died in what the White House said was "--.
, U.S. citizen abducted by al Qaeda, with another hostage,, the attack killed, according to the White House.
Killed on While he wasn't one of al Qaeda's leaders, was one of its members,.
Azzam American, he was born in 1978.
His parents changed their name from Pearlman to.
Up and at age 18 with his paternal grandparents.
He converted to Islam in 1995 and left for Pakistan three years later.
His said Gadahn contacted in 2002.
A group told CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank he was Gadahn at Peshawar airport in September 1998.
Gadahn, who 20, had flights from the United States to London, then on to Peshawar.
The operative planned to take Gadahn to a pizzeria after him to Afghanistan.
But Gadahn told went to an Afghan before on.
The operative Gadahn joined al Qaeda, he was known as Abu.
In 9 / Pakistan, English-language propagandist.
He emerged in the al Qaeda videos,,.
At first he was disguised.
, In videos he spoke in Arabic.
He urged target American Jewish interests of the regime in Pakistan, a group terror activity.
In for treason and al Qaeda, his activities "" services to, the FBI said.
He Most Wanted Terrorists. "
In 2007, he appeared on another al Qaeda video in which he warned America to end its involvement in the affairs of predominantly Muslim countries.
"heed our you and your people will... things will make you forget the horrors of September 11 Tech," he said to the university in 2007.
In separate videos, he criticized President George W. Bush and President Barack Obama ", and American with a Muslim name."
He also addressed his Jewish ancestry and his U.S. passport.
Appeared in videos the attacks, which included al Qaeda.
He urged Muslims in the United States to lone-wolf attacks.
"America is absolutely awash with easily obtainable firearms," he said.
"You can go to the local center and come away with a fully automatic check and most.
What are you? "
In, he called Nidal Hasan in the 2009 shootings at Fort Hood, Texas, "the ideal model for every armies of the" and the 2012 killing of U.S.
Ambassador Stevens in Libya.
His online al Qaeda wing Sahab.
Called for work in Saudi Arabia.
Cruickshank Gadahn had role inside al Qaeda.
Documents recovered from bin Laden's compound in Abbottabad after bin Laden's death was from Gadahn's media.
Gadahn woman reportedly had child.
Seoul, South Korea (CNN) On 2013, a cyberattack brought chaos to several South Korea.
Then ominously on December 23 computers at country were breached.
Again cybercrime.
Source of?
North Korea.
Korean investigators say they have proof -- the codes used in the attacks.
They shared data.
As "a wiping disks
"It would delete essentially all your files...
Back up,, digital forensic expert told CNN
"If it infected financial systems, all Korea.
It is visiting professor at Hallym University added.
Showed computer screens at media companies, while were unable to make or transfer money.
"" happened after North Korean government War amid growing tensions.
The latest incursion, in December, attempted to steal data from nuclear plant blueprints and personnel information.
Though investigators said no critical data was stolen, the attack raised concerns about the security of the 23 nuclear.
The attack itself was described by James a where unsuspecting victims -- the operator -- were prompted to open up their email.
"you double the background of your computer where you can't see... also trying what we call to give access to the infected system," he told CNN.
Attack, James said after said systems been "hacked," the authorities.
"From investigation side, trace back who" said.
Seoul announced in mid-March that some of the IP addresses used in incursion traced be the North.
Codes used in the attack were said to be similar in pattern to those used by North Koreans, authorities said.
"The malicious attack methods as" Kimsuky "used by North Korea," the prosecutor's office leads government in the investigation said in the statement.
Pyongyang claims it launched attacks, "."
But many say North Korea appears to be investing in cyberwarfare is cause its southern rival.
's estimates is a "cyberarmy" of 6,000 focuses on its.
"Hacks are going on all the time, how many actually make a very small amount,".
Detected in general?
The average person would have no clue they've been hacked.
"need to invest the same amount that hackers are investing to protect themselves and" he added.
Many in South Korea believe not enough effort is being put into defending against cyberattacks.
A report by the Korea Institute for Industrial Economics and Trade, a government-funded think tank, "Seoul" caused $820 million worth of damage.
(CNN) It's only a few weeks since the first presidential announcement but already it feels like the campaign is in high gear.
Politicians officially announced and the emerge.
Hillary Clinton,, into to Iowa pit.
Although the campaign -- and some candidates -- are already starting to make mistakes.
Mistakes along the way, but some perceptions about the candidates.
Here: Trying from the pack Gov.
Called for cuts to Social Security.
He also promised marijuana legalization laws that states.
Both of these statements could come should he run.
While Christie a way to in a a possible presidential run that has strong Americans over the electorate.
On Christie into an issue that has growing red, especially with independent voters Christie is a potential.
It will be harder to sell the race yet there is little chance that Sen. Cruz.
When he announced his University.
But soon that took many people by surprise.
The been one of President Obama his taking a leave from with.
It will be hard for him to.
To and who Democrats their that decided a program railed against Congress -- will raise questions about politician over.
The decision will offer fodder to that Republicans when their it.
If questions, it is Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul.
So-called "libertarian", Paul is aiming to attract younger Republicans who otherwise are not interested in the party.
Also hoping conservatives who believed that their party has moved too far away from.
Already struggled some of his announcements such as war statements against gay marriage.
Brought himself aggressive interaction with "" host.
Paul became the host went far go conduct the interview.
The interview focused attention on Paul's temper and rather.
In an interview, he put and Kelly.
Revealed his character moment off the radar.
"You're coming off as pretty in your interviews," told the senator.
Clinton but during her week on the trail she did make a minor mistake.
While in Iowa, Clinton said "".
Her corrected the statements.
"Her grandparents and, as she has of immigrants.
As has been pointed out, was Hillary's after the U.S.. "
Clinton seemed pitch perfect to many observers,.
Her likely mistakes in failed to take the nuts.
Certainly had a for television event, been well-received.
Clearly the biggest in the run-up to the campaign was in how she handled the.
Although she the campaign announcement should have had given attention.
Time to spin the story the many people.
Rubio announced his presidential run after the announcement of.
Rubio is one of the most of the candidates timing was.
The announcement by Clinton.
Obama the timing and help the senator the initial.
Although in the long run this delay and give campaign some breathing space.
Relatively small missteps in campaign.
We know from social scientists than mistakes don't really impact on the outcome of contests, "" to raise campaign contributions and endorsements.
Mistakes can play a role in campaigns.
(CNN) Was it something else?
, The headstone of Hillary's father, was tipped just after.
"It was laying right like boom," told CNN.
"I times a day I live two blocks and see it was over."
McGloin said's to Washburn Cemetery.
Police are investigating, but other headstones were knocked over.
Carl Graziano told The Scranton Times-Tribune he suspects vandalism.
"I'm not sure it would have fallen over," he said.
Still police the possibility that it was weather-related.
Funeral director Neil also said the most-likely cause, not the weather.
"about there were no or," he said
McGloin Monday was.
McGloin believes it's no coincidence that it happened within days.
"the headstone is tipped over, he said.
"I`ve been coming here, the headstone has been secure around it."
(CNN) A trip to a zoo turned terrifying after the gorilla they were looking at leaped the exhibit window,.
The video that he posted on his Reddit page.
More.
Cave said when arrived at Omaha's Henry Zoo he noticed one of the gorillas had a cut was bleeding. "
He said he overheard a couple say the gorillas fighting.
Then the gorilla -- named -- charged toward the window, he said.
The family and patrons running said "it wasn't as bad as we thought."
Dan Henry Zoo been surprised by the attention considered the. "
The group is known to have skirmishes.
"They show how tough the windows," Cassidy said.
Danger, said and acrylic.
Kijoto is a 20-year-old gorilla,.
Off, Steve thought he was still standing.
, As he lay on the ground, he was holding his son's stroller.
He pulled back the's cover and saw that Leo,, was conscious bleeding from the left side.
Woolfenden checked for other injuries and thought, "Let's get out of here."
That he noticed transparent his left tibia boot.
The boot was his stump, he testified before a jury Thursday, the day in which survivors shared their stories -- gruesome Tsarnaev.
The prosecution rested Thursday attempting to convince jurors that Tsarnaev was cold-hearted and remorseless.
Famed death penalty opponent Judy Clarke is expected to try witnesses to explain Tsarnaev's difficult upbringing.
Will begin efforts Monday.
Tsarnaev's relatives,.
The now-deceased.
The, recalled using his tourniquet on his leg and trying to comfort.
The boy cried, "
Daddy!
Mommy!
Daddy!
Mommy!
Daddy!
Mommy!
Daddy! "
He testified.
Amid the stench of "" a good Samaritan emerged.
He gave another and rushed to safety.
"I was terrified.
Over the sidewalk,, he said.
Dr. David, a trauma surgeon at Massachusetts General Hospital, spent years in the U.S. Army,.
Treated hundreds of troops injured by improvised explosive devices, he testified that day wasn't much different from the carnage.
"I arrived just as the first wave of casualties had shown up," he said.
"I and I knew, without anyone having to, exactly what the wounding mechanism was."
, When the bombs exploded sending her through the doors of a restaurant "" her instinct was to run.
She couldn't.
On fire, she testified.
As she overheard a Hail Mary.
She called for her husband.
He picked her up and carried her out of the restaurant.
"I saw blood pouring out of my foot," she said.
After three attempts to save her,, she had a decision: She could keep her life or have it.
She chose the latter.
"," she testified.
Tsarnaev attack,, recounted the going off.
I stepped back, and the next thing I remember was, "" yelling, a lot of people crying for tourniquets. "
A nurse was on his chest and said he's on fire! "
He tried to undo his belt and got a third-degree burn was.
A firefighter would tell he handed right leg to firefighter.
He doesn't remember that.
In addition to treating him for burns his body stretch muscle over the so that.
He gets blisters.
"the on down and open wounds," he said.
And his left leg survived, it severely muscle was blown off, he said.
He hopes to,, likely to be amputated above the knee.
More than 70, -- he said.
One of the most dramatic points in Thursday's testimony involved the death.
The prosecution showed video of the 8-year-old was 3 ½ feet from the bombs, according to of the crime scene.
His parents,, opposed to Tsarnaev receiving the death penalty and did not participate in the phase, though Richard did testify during the phase.
King told the court the blast was so small and close to the ground, the head and torso.
The boy died instantly, King said.
Explaining that blood,, are generally not responsive to cutting.
To be bowel it hurt.
What hurts is the stretching and twisting
... were pulled; would have caused visceral type pain. "
Woolfenden researcher recalled seeing Martin after Samaritan's son safety.
"I saw Martin's face, and I could see a like he was fatally injured," he said's had his head and mouth agape.
As for torso, "
I was really terrified, said.
He recalled Denise Richard,, "" and "Martin".
Woolfenden placed his hand on Denise's back,.
She turned to ask if he was OK.
He said he was turned her back.
But no response came.
's aorta was nearly he shrapnel from the blast.
The sidewalk, was from the blast.
(CNN) The world's seventh-largest economy.
Economic powerhouse trillion, that of trillion,.
One of the economies, but the "economy" of the ocean.
Long taken for granted -- it is going downhill fast.
The wealth of the ocean assessed in a report released Thursday Reviving Ocean Economy.
A economic analysis by Boston Consulting Group built a the ocean.
True, the enormity of the ocean appraisal.
But it is still important to understand its value global to sustain it for generations.
The that the ocean employs, offers protection and plays a role in the livelihoods of people throughout the world.
The ocean provides but essential services to humanity,, to put in terms.
And the ocean resource provides.
A that may get lost in the headlines generated by our report is telling: Seventy percent of the ocean's overall economic value relies on its.
Ocean coral, mangroves and produce goods and services top economies will we.
That may seem like a far-off possibility, but many details.
For example, 90 percent of the stocks.
And that is not all.
-- a few decades from now the ocean could lose its coral reefs, which have already been halved in the last few decades.
Just for but the millions of people that rely on ocean resources for their and their paychecks.
The ocean is truly to fail.
The loss the ocean economies could salvage.
Fortunately, actions that would revive the ocean economy, three critical.
First, the international community must rally around a set of sustainable development goals that reflect the environment --.
Also, negotiators must agree on an ambitious global climate deal that sets us on the path to avert the worst impacts of climate change.
And, leaders commit increasing amounts of marine over the course of the next 15 years.
The economic case the ocean is critical to clear, will be if we collectively preside over the collapse of the ocean economy.
Ocean Economy helping avoid that outcome, but it will require vision and courage among policymakers.
As terrifying is the deterioration of the ocean's its years, there is good news: If we act with determination, marine resources can recover -- and quickly.
Many local examples -- from the Mozambique, Fiji the Arctic -- conservation, restoration and sustainable-use approaches the ocean, who depend on it,.
The ocean offers equal opportunity and we should therefore work together in support of this vital resource.
If we are to have any chance of avoiding the point of no return global sustainable.
(CNN) Iran and Saudi Arabia the state of is.
Tehran and Riyadh each other turmoil in the Middle East.
In its most recent incarnation, the Iranian-Saudi conflict by proxy has reached Yemen in a spiral that both sides portray as.
For Riyadh and its regional allies -- "" -- repel Shia-Iranian influence.
-- the Yemen's in quo is no longer tenable.
Yet both want the Yemeni.
When Iranian President Hassan Rouhani was elected, he pledged to reach out to Riyadh.
Was and with Saudis over the last decade of Iranian foreign policy.
From Afghanistan to the Gaza Strip, Iranian-Saudi rivalry and proxy has been deep.
's open, profound differences over Syria and Iraq have kept Riyadh apart.
Of Syria and Iraq in hostilities, the Saudi military intervention in Yemen since March has raised the stakes to dangerous levels.
, Saudi is directly Iranian-backed in Yemen.
Tehran's role in the Yemen crisis, are evident.
"Iran provides financial support, weapons, training and intelligence to Houthis,", a State Department official and ambassador told.
Iran sees influence in Yemen and Saudi interests. "
Iranians and point to bigger case of meddling in neighbor's affairs.
The cue came from the country's top Khamenei has been blunt.
He tweeted: "Despite disputes, Saudis display composure [with] us but now have come to power composure [with] barbarism."
Three days after, Iran suspended Mecca.
This came as Iranian had reportedly been assaulted by Saudi.
Meanwhile, anti-Saudi protests.
Khamenei's speech the anti-Saudi statements.
In Tehran agitated.
Ahmad Purdastan, the commander of Iranian forces, taunted the Saudis.
"of the day explode in Riyadh,".
It that came out Saudis.
Ayatollah Hashemi Rafsanjani, former president and vocal advocate of.
Riyadh's military intervention a "strategic mistake" and urged a political solution.
Seeking a solution is Iran's stated aim for the Yemeni crisis, an effort.
Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif has provided a four-point plan: to get a ceasefire, humanitarian aid, to political dialogue among Yemeni parties, and to an inclusive government.
But the Iranian asks for an end to Saudi airstrikes.
Iran and Saudi Arabia need talk. "
The Saudis have thus far ignored the proposal.
Houthi leadership welcomed the plan.
Of its Iran solutions. "
Not only political welcomed the Houthis, but Riyadh believes that the favors it.
Saudi Arabia was by Security Council vote 14 that.
Russia abstained.
A solution to the Yemeni crisis will not come from the U.N.
Can provide cover for Riyadh's intervention, but it cannot secure it a military win.
This leaves Riyadh to its fight in Yemen.
Airstrikes alone will not and it forces.
It requires ground troops on.
Riyadh has tried hard to muster a military willing to dispatch troops has been nothing short of a fiasco.
Pakistanis turned down the Saudi request Yemen can do without.
Islamabad has asked Iran to push the Houthis for a political compromise that Riyadh.
The Turks were enthusiastic at first about stopping but in Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has relations over Yemen a political solution for the Yemeni conflict.
The are still Saudi and be open to the idea of deploying Riyadh.
But whether they will go is another matter.
Egypt has own campaign in Sinai that it cannot afford an new fight against jihadists.
It is hard to see how can to Yemeni is a direct threat to Egypt's security.
The domestic realities, the ISIS significant to Saudi efforts in Yemen.
These hard realities leave Riyadh with two options.
Can for even mediate a political solution will include the Houthis Riyadh.
Given the states to ground troops have to a Yemen.
That is scenario very hard to contemplate.
The Iranians too are faced.
Tehran to tame the Yemeni crisis.
As tempting as it might be for Saudis in Yemen, the danger of this conflict tensions in the Middle East will undermine broader Iranian interests.
(CNN), in part destiny The country will be a bridge between Europe, as the ongoing humanitarian crisis in the Mediterranean shows.
A surge this year on overcrowded vessels has the Libyan coast.
A boatload of 900 migrants are the latest sinking.
Over 10,000 were rescued off Italy in the last week alone.
European to this.
Italy's colonial past.
Of refugees in disasters Italy Eritrea (1890-1941) and Somalia (1908-1941)
Fewer in number (1912-1941) as the Italy.
Italy's empire never rivaled that of the British in scope and longevity, but who.
The migrants traversing the Mediterranean today form part of a century-long chain of Italy's interests, the post-colonial African leaders, and economic and political strife.
The formal end of Italian colonialism,, Somalis and Libyans influence and exploitation their countries.
It also the treatment of Africans who settle in Italy.
Libya the long reach of Italian imperialism.
Libya was an incorporated province of Italy, and Libyan families still feel the devastating effects of the fascist dictatorship's persecution of.
Over 100,000 Libyan men, women and children were camps deep in the desert, and the ruling class.
Col. Moammar Gadhafi ruled from 1969 the Italian occupation,, by 20,000 of his people.
In 1970, soon after he took power,, the remaining Italian community in Libya.
Those had grown in Libya.
Italy for the first time, of ports receiving migrants.
This intervention did not spell the end of Italian-Libyan, out had's biggest oil supplier.
Since 2004, Italy and Libya have been directly connected by natural gas below the Mediterranean, on the same axis as boats.
The then-Prime Minister Gadhafi behind a historic 2008 Treaty between Italy and promised aid the by rule.
With Italy departures borders, Gadhafi used European arrivals of migrants from Libya as a political weapon.
Geography, this Italy's former and the target of post-colonial revenge politics.
Few Italians of racist violence against immigrants from former on.
Her appointment in 2013 as minister of,, an Italian of racist attacks from Italian an orangutan.
Has encouraged fascist imperialism.
The town of Affile to Graziani "" his Libyan in the 1920s -- and the Ethiopian response to a 1937 attempt on his life.
This history and its consequences can help us understand Italians' emergency on their shores.
Rescuers and activists work tirelessly and, yet in Italy are often subject to racist attacks.
It is the name for the sea rescue operation in 2013 the Mediterranean:.
In it European.
Reflect the Italian government an courageous initiative --.
The government deserves as it responds to crisis.
The civic about its past.
At, Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi is a different have politics is as dangerous for boats now in the Mediterranean.
(CNN) The United States is failing its partners.
Reasons terrorism has the majority of our partners operations forces -- not nearly the problem.
The trouble is that military -- including recent Counterterrorism Funds -- vital efforts to counter extremism.
Are making troubling gains.
We recognize -- nor that we don't.
National Security the importance of partnerships, Quadrennial Defense Review noted that our counterterrorism efforts. "
Despite this recognition, the United States is not where it needs to be and instead finds crises instead of them because of the failure to prioritize special operations in key nations.
As just in the Middle East but in Africa.
The case of Kenya.
, Al-Shabaab jihadists attacked in Nairobi, executing dozens of unarmed men, women, and children.
Less than two years later,, Al-Shabaab jihadists attacked, butchering 150 people.
The perpetrators were separating and systemically executing before.
Incidents, the Kenyan response.
The and is country U.S. assistance.
U.S. $5.65, the majority going to Egypt.
Kenya, meanwhile, was to receive a $1.2 million.
Nigeria is grappling with the rising threat of violent extremists in the shape of Boko Haram, only $600,000.
The United States military too to make long-term commitments.
It takes years to build special operations forces with credible capabilities.
In terms of resources U.S. security is not supporting enduring build credible special operations partners.
That we are not giving the capabilities critical to defeating the threats.
We also long-term programs record Plan Colombia.
This program, as well as the support partners against Abu Sayyaf, demonstrates a persistent U.S. Special Forces funding and true.
, The Global Train and Equip program fulfills needs, but the program only provides limited -- "emerging" operations military and U.S. forces are.
Another program that builds special operations, the Joint Combined Exchange program, is also insufficient because it is ad hoc and meant to train U.S. forces first and foremost,.
It is time for Congress to develop a program that builds out key nations to help bring to.
We are investing nowhere, which is why we need where the United States and its allies will see maximum benefit.
States -- reinforce failure and what we are doing we still have time.
Congress needs to start by to find out in detail what current programs are providing to defeat imminent threats.
Departments of State and Defense lay out a detailed budget with capabilities these programs will provide when those complete.
At the Congress that and Defense planners can too.
Attacks such as Mumbai and plan do require and can be done -- we can expect.
With competent and interoperable special operations forces, to make progress.
It goes without saying that special operations forces are for defeating terrorism, diverse.
But having credible special operations forces is a great first step.
India (CNN) Yogita Kanhaiya is expecting a baby.
She already has a two-year-old son.
Her husband,, won children.
He committed suicide early in the pregnancy.
Years, Yogita's father-in-law,, took his own life.
"He was in so much debt," 25-year-old Yogita said of her husband.
"He from.
Death over distress. "
It's a familiar story across India, group claims one farmer every eight hours.
"We get reports of suicides every day," said, leader of, Vidarbha.
Vidarbha region of the state of Maharashtra, is known as the epicenter of suicide.
VJAS farmers have taken their lives 500 since the start of this year.
Vidarbha farmers.
Hail destroyed many crops this year.
Also 2014 drove prices down while production rose, leaving farmers burdened taken.
Last year was a record year for cotton production in a cotton.
India produced 40 million bales in 2013 crop, the second largest global cotton grower after China.
Of cotton in the global market pushed hurting farmers Vidarbha, which is becoming increasingly reliant on cotton.
Land only two crops: cotton and soybean.
But for years yield.
We mostly depend on cotton, said cotton farmer.
He said the prices.
I'm getting 50 dollars.
Just it was 100 dollars.
I've never seen such a low price.
The costs of fertilizers and seeds the cotton is down. "
He points out the condition in Vidarbha, many of whom are forced to take up farming.
"officials village plight.
Days, Dhidkar said.
From advocacy group, said Vidarbha the situation.
"It is an epidemic.
How many farmers need to commit the government solution? "
% of India's agricultural sector of the country.
Government data shows 11,772 suicide in India.
That is 44 deaths.
Earlier this month, Prime Minister Narendra Modi paid for damaged crops and farmers to claim payouts.
However farmers are angry about the government's Land Acquisition Bill, which critics.
Modi's ruling said rules were unnecessarily restrictive and the new bill is needed to spur investment and smooth the way.
The government is expected to reintroduce the land bill when parliament.
On Sunday farmers gathered in Delhi Congress party protest.
Waving flags blasted Modi government's policies "and anti-farmer."
Tiwari farmer, said the government needs to do more to stop the wave of suicides across the country.
He said Modi's push to Indian falling.
", is willing to talk about India dying," Tiwari said.
He says,, the government for cotton farmers overdue debt.
Divisional Commissioner Dnyaneshwar Rajurkar said the government is aware of the situation and is planning to roll out programs to help farmers.
The plans include bank and waiving loans from lenders.
Rajurkar said the government is also planning doctors in distress.
From, Kanhaiya said she worries about her family.
I have to pay the loan and money.
I will pay the debt.
Once born I will look for work.
I will have life to pay the loan, she said in her voice.
I did receive compensation from government.
But.
(CNN) A SkyWest Airlines flight made an emergency landing after a passenger lost consciousness.
The passenger received medical attention before,, spokeswoman.
The airliner accommodate the 75 on another aircraft destination -- Connecticut -- later Wednesday afternoon.
The Federal Aviation Administration initially reported a pressurization problem and said it would investigate.
Snow said there was no issues, and the FAA issued a statement that did not reference a problem.
SkyWest also said there was no problem with the plane,.
Flight 5622 to fly from Chicago to Hartford.
The plane descended 28,000 feet in three minutes.
"It when you're over the top and you're down," CNN aviation analyst said how descent.
() Cigarettes have been put out Orleans.
Cigars.
The known of everything --.
How can that be?
It turns out the city jazz ()
't want its waiters to have smoke jobs anymore.
The City Council passed smoking places across bars,, and the vote was unanimous, the Times-Picayune reports.
Bar owners, customers of.
New owners ban, a hearing is scheduled in state court,.
50.
(CNN) The Indonesian government has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 on death row and Myuran Sukumaran.
"island" -- Nusa Kambangan -- the are being held, the Attorney General,, told CNN not the required notice to convicts.
".
The 10 inmates,, had their clemency denied by President Joko Widodo in late 2014.
The executions will be carried out this year after filed separate legal challenges.
On Tuesday, the Indonesian Supreme Court rejected reviews filed by Serge Atlaoui.
"We're just waiting on the judicial review filed by Zainal Abidin the Supreme Court (Friday),".
A convict Indonesian group.
And Sukumaran, members of "" convicted for their role in a 2005 plot decision earlier this month lost an appeal the State case.
Their lawyers have since filed review Court.
The Attorney General has said they would but insisted the inmates have exhausted all options.
The pair has Indonesia as of their deaths.
Another execution may Spontana,, was moved Friday to Nusa the coast of Java.
She has been held in a prison in Yogyakarta since 2010.
The Supreme Court rejected her in March her lawyers on Monday.
Executions According to her, unknowingly into Indonesia members of.
Has traveled to Indonesia her.
Laurente told CNN Friday that siblings the firing.
Laurente said while her sister the family hopes for a execution.
"we're hoping for a miracle.
What we need,, she said.
"President kills her,.
Please stop them from executing. "
At the time of the interview, lawyers informed family's.
Cesar Veloso, 59, heart distraught about his daughter's situation.
"If I find out that my daughter will be the next day, I will kill myself," he told CNN.
My child.
She is innocent.
I accept. "
(CNN) Five years ago, Rebecca posed for a photo lying next to a dead giraffe.
This week, she got threatened for her action.
The comedian Ricky Gervais tweeted the photo with a question.
You in your life you kill a beautiful &? "
Gervais wrote.
In the, has been retweeted.
A number of people insulted Francis in response to the giraffe photo and others featuring her.
Photos of Francis with other animals,, responded.
"Hunter" was the Hunting Life in, responded in a statement to on, its Facebook page.
Came, said she on an African hunt the local people.
(this old bull was wandering alone.
He had been herd bull.
He was past breeding close to death she said
Asked me giraffe providing all the locals with means of survival
...
I chose his life by others with his do not regret one.
Did not.
To be a part of. "
According to the are giraffes past.
Rebeccafrancis.com, where the photo is posted, describes herself as a and fan of bow-hunting.
"bowhunting animals I have taken with a bow include:,, mountain bighorn whitetail deer,,, arapawa,, wildebeest springbuck,.
Species with a rifle. "
"Full North American", according to the Hunting Life hopes "."
Latter liveoutdoors.com, one from the ten: deer, goat, and sheep. "
Opre of "Eye of the Hunter" says the "" an online offshoot of "Eye" and co-hosted.
The was apparently last updated Channel.
Atlanta (CNN) Federal marshals have arrested Scott Kelley, a fugitive accused of CNN's "The Hunt."
, Was at the Atlanta airport Wednesday after arriving, Deputy U.S.
Marshal Jamie Berry.
"" Kelley return to the United States.
Kelley has been wanted since 2004, accused of kidnapping and to.
Kelley, charged with the crimes, turned herself in to authorities last year just months after "."
Her trial is scheduled next month.
The couple is accused of leaving New Hampshire,, Mary Nunes, on when she was 8 years old.
At the time, the child's father,, had custody.
The search for the three spanned the United States and Central America.
Ended on Monday U.S. Consulate requested passports return to the United States.
The consulate notified U.S.
, Berry said Kelley Nunes flew to Atlanta on Wednesday investigators were waiting.
Mary Nunes, now 19, was interviewed by investigators at the airport to ensure her health and safety and her destination,.
Previously, authorities had said her whereabouts were unknown.
CNN New reported the daughter.
In a statement released he the case was thrilled Mary is safe.
"We love and are overjoyed that she is alive and.
Our hearts and home will do everything we can to insure she remains, said in a statement.
We her emotional and physical well-being.
We look forward to the day our family is reunited. "
Kelley's attorney did not respond to a request for comment.
Allegedly Kelley had accused her of abusing their child.
Investigators the accusations and no charges.
A Facebook page defending her, supporters say she did what any parent would do under the circumstances.
Photos show her holding signs that say, "
Children protection. "
Wayne Rioux, then the police chief, New Hampshire, told "The Hunt" that a video Genevieve, intended to prove their.
Rioux watched the tape "any evidence of."
"the tape was bizarre, strange conduct by the mother," "who was absolutely trying to get the daughter against her daddy."
Rosenfeld has argued that Kelley had no other option with daughter guardian and agencies didn't believe the abuse allegations.
"Simply put, there was no alternative to safety," he said earlier this year,.
Earlier this year, police tracked down Victor Arden Barnard "."
The 53-year-old American is accused.
Last year,, Texas announced in an unrelated case the Patrick Stoeser.
Stoeser,, and was sentenced to 13 years behind bars.
Miller, another suspect featured on the "The Hunt," were found.
, Another suspect on, was killed in a gunbattle with authorities.
(CNN) A whale has earned a spot in the record books after completing the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded.
The whale, named Varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers), according to University,.
Varvara, which is Russian for "," left her off's to cross the Pacific Ocean Coast of the United States to Baja.
's journey surpassed record Guinness website.
Previous record humpback whale that swam a 10,190-mile round trip between "waters near the equator and the colder waters regions."
But Bruce Mate, lead author of the study, long trip the whale.
Her 14,000-mile journey visited "breeding areas," a surprise to Mate, who is director of the Institute at Oregon State University.
"," said "pretty strong evidence that's where she's from."
To be endangered western "" said the release could mean that some western gray whales are actually eastern grays.
With western gray whales believed to be in existence, that number might be even lower.
Species closer said.
Prison won't be pretty, the former convicted murderer without parole.
To Massachusetts' flagship maximum-security prison, one high-tech in with of: the Souza-Baranowski 40 miles.
It's Souza, the state's,, with a of recording a day.
The date he'll be going there.
The Department of Corrections said.
Advocates for inmates describe as once.
Its diverse includes young also life.
One is that inmates, legal advocates said.
"It's very shiny and clean looking and very sterile," said,, who has been visiting the prison indigent there.
But a very dangerous prison that is now a flood of opiates. "
Officials said Hernandez, 25, is at the Correctional handful of where for under a five-year $40 million contract.
The system has yet to determine where to initially place Hernandez in Souza population "," who work.
"will figure in the population once Hernandez said.
Now treated like a regular inmate when "
Hernandez was sent immediately for processing after's,.
A news Hernandez's transfer to.
Prison officials will be concerned about any enemies inmates Hernandez's.
"There could be prisoners with who to get him," Walker said.
"separated challenging prison for him
"is that the superintendent is a sure will do everything he can,".
"at.
And he's doing everything he can to make sure is as safe as possible.
That superintendent,, couldn't be reached for comment.
Because of his celebrity, Hernandez may find himself signing autographs for inmates said Larry Levine, who prisons.
"There will be a lot of staff that that he is, but there will be other staff that will him like," said, which advises convicts.
In the long run, however, it may not matter much in what section of the prison Hernandez.
About the inmates in the maximum-security prison in, said Walker,.
, Walker said.
Souza slightly larger than most other prisons, but not by much, Walker said.
So are small fixtures wall, and a small shelf to the wall,, Walker said.
A shelf for a television, which easy inspection, Walker said.
The inmates 200 furnishings are metal bolted to them, she said.
There are inches to a wall,, a tiny window on the cell door, slots for handcuffing in and cuffing at, she said.
"Walker said of inmate life
"It as facility.
In is that you want people there.
Some people have it, and excruciatingly. "
Among,, Walker said.
"It's.
(Souza prison) are addicts are trying to get clean, Walker said.
There also are gangs in the prison, she said.
For, inmate was beaten to death, Walker said.
Solitary confinement pleasant Walker said
"Solitary confinement is a kind of torture that.
The lack of and contact Walker said.
"have to put hope," Walker said.
. "
(CNN) Adrianne her,, were standing near the finish line on the day of the Boston Marathon.
Her feet were sore from.
Still walked to Boylston Street to watch.
"We were so in love" told jury Wednesday.
It was the second day the Boston jury heard a heartbreaking loss -- of those killed when bombs planted by the of named Tsarnaev exploded near the finish line.
The bomber, 21, for what.
Davis, who returned from a tour in Afghanistan with steps away from the explosion restaurant.
She recalled the the blast that killed people and that day.
Terrorist attack.
Screams.
She couldn't hear her screams.
She thought she was dead.
When her husband,, he let out a scream.
She thought he was in.
She rolled over onto her stomach broken,.
She dragged.
"I saw my toes, but".
"I didn't see my ankle."
A ballroom, Haslet-Davis' leg would.
Inside the, Haslet-Davis begged for.
"I wanted to go away.
Was. "
When someone removed Adam.
His face got whiter,.
His eye.
She thought he was dead.
A hospital, she called her parents on her cellphone.
She told them.
"don," told her
"I'm in really bad shape and I need to talk because this."
Her father told was illegal
I don't care if.
I need to talk to you because these might be.
Was a terrorist at the Boston Marathon and dead and this. "
Haslet-Davis told the jury that,, kept telling her he was sorry.
He could say.
He loved me.
He was so sorry. "
, She said, "bravely admitted."
After her testimony walked off the stand.
Tsarnaev.
, Prosecutors showed jurors an image of Tsarnaev taken when.
July 10 -- the day of his arraignment on charges he bombs.
Camera his middle finger in a gesture that U.S. said showed a man ", unchanged."
Tsarnaev's lawyer,, sought to discredit the use of the image.
The gesture had been presented to the jury.
On showed the jury footage taken.
In it, Tsarnaev is seen looking into the his.
What called a "" his.
Gary, a U.S.
Marshal for years, admitted that was reflective have been using a mirror.
"people do that to get our attention," said.
Also the about her niece Lingzi Lu, a Boston who was killed in the bombing.
Lingzi Lu was from buried in Boston.
"why she just she is part of Boston, city said
She should be here. "
The family,, put a music box in her.
Her mother put a bracelet on her wrist and touched her hand.
Later, her mother described her hand.
What's said "don't want to believe
The brother and stepfather of Sean Collier took the stand Wednesday.
Collier was police officer who was shot in his patrol car, brothers.
Collier always wanted to be a cop,.
A wrong.
Either you did it or you didn't
"was little boy, he never," Collier.
"Sean was always," said Joe married Collier,.
"He was a cop."
On a Thursday night in April 2013, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Police Officer Sean Collier lay in his car.
His car door was open and his foot was lodged between the gas and brake.
Officer found Collier at wounds,.
Bleeding out as officers tried to revive him.
Collier fourth.
Night dream Rodgers.
"hole of his head
He was shot.
He was laying there.
. "
Tsarnaev.
Prosecutors said the brothers wanted his gun.
Their efforts to take safety.
Tamerlan killed gunbattle officer.
Less than two weeks after the jury hearing his.
, MIT Police John told, who fit "perfectly" because of his style and engaging personality.
MIT police, designated as the Massachusetts State Police, patrol campus in Cambridge.
"The atmosphere of changed April 18, 2013," he said.
There is a loss.
I think be there for officers remains.
Of support the Sean's death hangs. "
DiFava has come to question whether he wants to continue on the force.
"the only thing I've done in my life and" he said.
One of my own.
I home and I've always thought I would have been proud for the uniform.
I'm not so sure. "
Rodgers said the.
Anniversary.
She cried.
"She was very strong," he said.
"She was a happy person.
She was a good mother.
Since Sean's death, she's scared that might happen to other children.
Kelly became pregnant with Sean a lived for a day,.
His birth lifted her out of depression.
"He was special," he said, adding is now buried.
Rodgers said he still feels years later.
""
"Thanksgiving and Christmas will never be the same."
Andrew when we're having fun,.
I miss Sean.
. "
Rest according to official insight prosecutor.
Beijing (CNN) Chinese police on Monday released five activists who were detained, and the.
, Wang Man, Zheng Churan Li and were freed.
The women will be under police activities, Liang said.
Police can summon the women for questioning, he added.
The Women were detained in Beijing days on March 8.
The United States urged China to criticized the women.
"has the right to speak out against many other injustices that around the world," Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement.
"We support activists to make support, not silence."
"the" Twitter hashtag.
Any Clean Power Plan you have at nuclear.
Nuclear energy, generating over 60% of carbon-free electricity.
Surely Barack Obama's climate allegedly aimed at reducing the United States',.
Think.
James Hansen, the former head of NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies, said in 2013 "continued opposition to humanity's dangerous climate change."
Wednesday, the White House will celebrate Earth Day and its climate change while strategically ignoring its largest tool to cut carbon emissions -- nuclear energy -- as the's scientists.
Fact that nuclear power is carbon-free is biased.
This bias is how Environmental Protection Agency its and.
EPA's modeling is divorced from reality.
EPA's Base Case for the Clean Power Plan current future Plan.
Base no new construction and the retirement of 96 of 99 plants by 2050.
EPA's modeling "" shows exactly no construction retirements by 2050.
, EPA assumes 2050.
These assumptions are important because how emission credit.
A group of graduate students made EPA a public.
Using EPA's data, the students showed that EPA's creates incentives for states to power plants and.
Demonstrated that scenario, EPA's model shows emission reductions while.
EPA has shifted on nuclear in model.
EPA modeled the Lieberman-Warner bill in 2008 indicated nuclear plants would need to be built by 2030 to achieve the carbon reductions mandated in the bill.
EPA modeling of 2009 showed new nuclear plants by 2050 meet targets in.
Where did this policy shift come from?
A hearing in the Public Works Committee,, EPA looked at Act when developing its Clean Power Plan and adopts policy choices for either -- both of which are carbon-free.
Thus EPA is making choices that energy.
Congress EPA choices instead have them in the modeling.
The modeling assumes the energy coincidentally of renewables any between now and 2050.
This favorable unlikely considering wind turbines last only 20 years before needing replacement.
Anti-nuclear is evident in recent executive order "" which directs agencies to reduce carbon emissions.
Carbon-free the executive order take credit for emission reduction energy energy from.
The federal government an that provides security and helps clean the air.
The administration shares these same interests,.
The administration believes in global warming, which should make energy.
The Clean Power Plan that the Obama administration is neither serious about nor an.
() Soon, America will be too fat to fight.
Forget about rampant diabetes and joint problems -- the consequence arising out of battle with the bulge is the country.
In five years, that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers.
That alarming forecast, Gen. Batschelet, who is in charge of U.S. Army Recruiting.
He told me, "becoming a security issue."
I so's that I need.
Come on!
Obesity?
A?
The General didn.
Yes. "
Of the 195,000 young men who signed up,.
Some didn't because they had a lack of education,.
But a 10% didn't qualify because.
Of sensationalizing,% worries General Batschelet the most.
"obesity said
"We think it could be, Army."
He paused.
A sad testament. "
Is Army recruiters have become fitness coaches "."
Tax dollars pay Army recruiters Quince or Jillian Michaels into shape hope they diet and exercise to become recruits.
If enough, they're sent to boot camp.
Some't.
But, Batschelet told me the try.
"We are the leader," he told me.
"We want to see you grow and.
That is a Army. "
Growth's with.
"personal development"....
The, along in struggling with why the warnings too much.
I have.
't.
But it's true:
"The acceptance of obesity is," according to believes is a national crisis.
"When you look around overweight.
Seems, "
: One-third of U.S. adults are obese.
Seventeen percent of all children.
's triple from a generation ago.
So we face the fact girth.
't weight who.
The other day,, Pink gaining weight.
Pink is not.
Neither Selena Gomez, haters.
Or Britney.
% of us are, why to fat-shame people obese?
Criticize for admit we have.
Is are in.
Points to Kaiser Permanante's medical questionnaires.
The paperwork patients are asked to fill out before they see the doctor.
There is on allows the patient to opt out of talking about obesity. "
Some patients to step on the scale.
"You want to be sensitive to,".
You don't.
Doctors need to step in and fix this. "
CNN's chief medical correspondent, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, agrees.
"Perceptions of weight are," he said.
Is overweight -- it -- they.
This reminds me of the concussions.
We should: brain injury getting your bell rung.'
In the, people who are obese they're 'overweight' or 'obese' for in the book. "
In other words, chubby is not the proper way to describe a person.
Just like "" is the proper term for Pink Selena.
And yes, matter.
And 71% of overweight girls.
We've clearly lost it comes weight.
So's becoming a national problem.
What will it take?
Many Girl is cookie season.
I feel enthusiastic girls standing their smiles and newly ask order.
Girls.
And I admit that (") are delicious.
But as is passionate about health promotion, I, ""
I an unhealthy nutrition message.
'm surprised more doctors.
Thin the cookie contains sugar, oil and high fructose corn syrup.
The ingredient in those, they contain high fructose corn syrup, a total of 6 grams of sugar.
A lot of,, in the quantities Americans consume, obesity.
But I'm only concerned about obesity.
There are other more insidious risks to consider:
How?
Let me explain.
The United genetically modified crops grown in the United States are.
Those spraying of the herbicide Roundup.
Last month the International Agency for Research on Cancer declared ingredient.
Another cookie% rape (), too.
Cookies benign, don't they?
If that isn't enough a link between sugar.
And trans fats increase the risk of heart disease.
Years ago,, products boast that they have zero trans fats.
In reality, to "zero" on a serving contains grams.
Often we eat more than one serving at cookies --so than actual intake grams.
Adding to the confusion, on the ingredient label, transfats show partially hydrogenated oils,,, and other Girl Scout Cookies.
The 'the; cookies contain "zero grams trans fat."
"You might be thinking, '
Maizes mom "
But my kids will tell you I love a good dessert.
In fact, mean cheesecake.
An cookie is not going to's.
Is than.
Is white fats from those whom you would expect to call:.
Perhaps.
Pediatricians,, have zero required nutrition education in their residencies.
Nor do residency review require, physicians or cardiologists to learn nutrition.
And, that a diet rich in vegetables and fruit, whole grains, nuts, and moderate amounts of dairy, as well as avoiding smoking, a day lowers 65%.
Under the name "Healthy Living" that a healthy diet (vegetables) prevent% of disease,% of diabetes attacks.
At the University of Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine, where I serve, we remedy this.
We include nutrition in training and have a online course that pilot-tested five residencies including,, and Kansas, and Virginia Medical School.
We to education for physicians.
Educating doctors will not be enough.
And schools have a role to play.
The Girl Scouts their and choose.
And traditions.
What if this, the girls and vegetables,, even pedometers?
To characters and confidence addressed?
(CNN) ESPN this week found herself in the news,, after a video surfaced showing her berating and belittling an employee of a tow company in Arlington, Virginia.
Highlights and "in f king trailer honey I at a place like this.
Makes my skin even. "
Finally, some. "
It's cringe-worthy if.
McHenry quickly issued an apology, blaming the incident on a moment of intense frustration but admitting her mistake and accepting responsibility.
It was, however, too late: on Twitter, she was called,, "ugly" "coward."
ESPN that McHenry.
Certainly McHenry should have known if that's what she was thinking, least of all because in our YouTube, such missteps come to light.
McHenry's reaction could well have been an entitlement, evidence girl left what's also troubling is and the issued blame on McHenry, -- the other side of the story.
The video that was released -- by the company -- was heavily edited McHenry, the employee who provoked her and escalates as the video goes on.
Knew she was being taped; at one point she looks directly at the camera.
The employee even threatens to make.
Did because she self-destructive?
Because she could not?
Or was she confident video evidence would show that there were two people game?
McHenry could have responded These days, there's nothing we love more than of celebrity, whether it's Brian McHenry facts but what we take joy in believing: not fair trial.
Public shaming online probably feels entitled, but our.
We're a society obsessed with putting celebrities on a pedestal --.
Lets the entitlement taking a and walking right there know what gives her the nerve.
Gives?
Do.
Be honest last time fuzzy at?)
But we're better.
The media receive whatever they want,, or not.
It's "power" without accountability.
And it has a who use that power different from the ones supposedly.
Think about it.
Who was worse: McHenry or the people who made that video public, who part in?
Who is worse childishly mocking a employee's teeth masses justice and "class" "feels bad for Britt.
Poor actually believes she was' and?
't they, in fact, have actually been standing up for?
Sorry to break it to all bullies.
) It't authority to make an arrest carries the potential to escalate lethal force.
But seemingly genesis of police initial stop and question, pulling over for a traffic violation becomes potential result.
A stop can be a warrants.
An stop can lead to an arrest.
An arrest fatal.
In, Walter Scott was a bench warrant for over $18,000, according to court records.
He was stopped police officer his was a foregone conclusion.
Child support is not a crime.
Not the though criminalize it.
It's rightly a civil matter.
Skipping child support court not be a crime either.
This means that a warrant for failing to appear in court isn't catching criminals -- it's collection agency with lethal other weapons and acting under color of law.
Some questions about what exactly we want armed.
Not all "warrants" are equal.
Sometimes there are warrants for arrest,, drug dealing or assault.
Are cases case.
Dads not for.
Don't get me wrong.
And dads are the most serious threats to our.
Forget the school-to-prison-pipeline.
Lousy are prison particularly this problem absent deadbeat dads.
Given our justifiably dim view of dads court scofflaws, in our remedy for enforcement.
First, it's important to keep in mind that every family court intrusion into the family is an undesirable event.
Parents can't resolve support, the courts and law enforcement are involved,.
If the family issues.
Their child support.
Papa a and he falls behind on his payments.
When a supporting parent court clerk show up not be in contempt for the payment.
At hearing parent may demonstrate he is in contempt by showing would pay he's support.
Is dad can demonstrate he's too poor to pay child support.
To demonstrate, hold civil contempt and actually imprison himself by making payments.
What follows is typically a telethon show debtor prison.
Crowdfund his payment to get out of jail.
't, jail until pay.
While it's up dads, jailing makes it a you guessed it pay debt.
Since or sent is unpleasant, dads have a court. "
The court is to issue a warrant to bring dad to court.
That warrant is a criminal arrest warrant, but it sure seems like an arrest warrant if picked up on a Friday jail see the Monday.
The point is: warrants.
Those are the warrants "Law" and other.
Other warrants, like those order, have nothing to do with crime.
're bill collection civil.
've foisted duty on the police as collection agency.
That's right, the same police with arresting are dragooned into bill courts.
When they's on a routine stop and arrest warrant, those police who are armed with Tasers and firearms are arresting a guy to.
Not because he's dangerous.
Because he's a criminal.
Because (breathtakingly) irresponsible.
He knew.
He was going.
He shouldn't have run.
He also definitely shouldn't have been shot.
If he owed $he, he was planning.
Result a warrant jail, have a crime. "
The: If we don't, how do we make?
There's no easy answer.
Why do society care?
Social can be an even stronger motivator than arrest.
Arresting an extreme, and that government and community involvement.
The Scott situation highlighted.
To arrest and jail deadbeat dads, we can excessive and deadly arrest.
While no one should be shot to pay support, we a warrant is a warrant is.
Are we comfortable using police force empowered to use force in collecting bills?
If we are, then we have to be comfortable that a delinquent is going to bolt when he gets stopped for a broken taillight.
If we're,, arrest whatever force in the moment.
Then watch.
And.
) about?
Apparently, hormones are a major factor one.
According to Clinton't hormones make her start an unnecessary war.
An Iraq -- was testosterone to blame?
As Cheryl, sees it're differently.
In the world, that equal I support that.
't support president. "
"the hormones we" Rios wrote in a Facebook post.
About hormones impacting decisions about the male president.
Impaired male leaders' decision-making.
Take than their male counterparts.
If science doesn't convince you of men whose hormones.
Has taken a lot of flak for her "" inspired beliefs, but she's not the only one who's arguing that a woman's a legitimate leadership concern.
Hillary Clinton the "perfect" president because she's a postmenopausal woman ".
(She happens to.
I'm not.
Believe.
No wonder "The Daily Show" before election cycle full.
About a candidate's hormones are what we look forward to, the politics is indeed.
But underneath the debate is a much The women is that we.
In a world where daughters can.
'd think they could outnumber boys, and work force.
What their potential is not or how women are viewed.
Unfortunately, view women.
Believe women "our" is at the table.
Daughter believe she isn't qualified to fulfill her dreams.
A women and Adam lay out the facts about bias women.
The bias is endless.
It's overt: There are more men on corporate boards Robert, William or James than women.
The bias is covert, they women. "
The is real, many are.
Hillary Clinton, but the fact that she White House.
That's not a problem for Democrats -- it's a problem for Republicans,, everyone.
The benefits.
It's better for women).
It's great for kids because children with involved fathers are happier and more successful.
It's great for marriages because couples that share responsibilities have stronger marriages.
And corporate because diverse produce.
Be women.
It's not enough to say to our daughters: "You can be anything you want to be."
: "You can be anything you want to be, people -- is wrong."
Rios said that if elected she is "Canada" because "female president."
Apparently Canada: Kim Campbell became the country's first female prime minister.
Barack Obama's recent explanation of how his administration will engage with the Middle East region.
In his interview with the New York Times on April 4 U.S. Iran "."
We will engage preserve capabilities. "
Capabilities,, or military U.S. interests.
It provides greater clarity about U.S. policy under the Obama.
Of "" that the President outlined U.S. policy in the Middle East remains in contradiction between ground.
The President asserted that U.S. 's core region, allies, displacements. "
Offering this U.S. allies legitimate Yemen serious the regime continuing to bomb its own citizens and the refugee crisis.
Implementing the U.S. interests outlined by is clearly not working.
There exist grave doubts about whether U.S. administration is ready to deploy the capabilities. "
It the U.S. its national security at stake.
Those core interests are limited to dealing with terrorism and proliferation aspects.
The use of drone technology across the region being conducted in Iraq and Syria and the framework agreement between the point.
A region "" is clearly where those capabilities will be so-called Obama.
In the same vein, the Arab world region Iran.
Directly interventionist Iranian policies, is not ready to give Tehran doubt on any.
But neither is it assurances that outside a nuclear agreement, the U.S. will indeed put forward Iranian influence throughout the region to defend the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) against any Iranian threat.
Instead is that as Iran abides come the downplay or simply that the world.
Here, actions speak louder than words and unfortunately sees the Washington.
At a time when the region is turmoil the President even shifted the blame and his criticism toward the Arab world.
To "our Sunni Arab allies" the President gave an exaggerated picture saying "alienated,, is destructive and nihilistic,, just."
What Obama failed to do is highlight that in fact Iran.
, Iran on human rights of the opposition,, among other disturbing issues.
Moreover the reference to the "Arab allies" that the Arab Gulf adds to existing well of the.
The assertion that "the biggest threats that they (the Arab states) face may not be coming from.
's from their countries....
Based on Gulf Center study supported Iran operating in Iraq tearing apart the very fabric of that country, it is simply naive to suggest there is no threat.
The bottom line is that Arab national interests are no longer on the same page.
Ever since the invasion of Iraq, interests have increasingly to Arab of promises.
The Arab coalition countries legitimate the the Arab in.
States accept the invitation to come to retreat,.
They for reassured they are what is wrong.
Truth of the matter is "" that U.S. leadership and policies are enduring.
(CNN) Robert Bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing with police.
Bates was a reserve deputy sheriff, which allowed him to "time community in events such as the Olympics and Tulsa State Fair," according to the Tulsa County Sheriff.
But Bates wasn't limited the disabled.
More violent force, according to his lawyer.
, Bates thought he was a Taser, who deputies had just after an officer a pistol.
But Bates wasn't holding a Taser.
He was holding his gun.
He fired and killed Harris.
There wasn't even reason a.
Cops were on scene.
Harris wasn't getting.
He wasn't.
, Harris was not running like a man with a gun.
Harris was running and who not protecting a gun.
What was Bates,, in the first place?
Like Bates access to policing.
2,500 to Sheriff Stanley Glanz.
He donated cars.
Equipment.
Up convicted on evidence "" have purchased the department.
A Tulsa police official said the agency has of them people who to police.
That's unusual,.
Maybe Bates could have been a reserve deputy without donating.
But working the violent crimes task force.
He was too old to be policing the streets.
Police said that Bates had served a year in 1964 as a police officer.
Most police retirement.
Law-enforcement officers,,.
Is to gun for?
Police generally look toward volunteers.
It makes it tougher to push for a are offering free.
But departments get for.
What is the background checks and the professional training if person a few and go on patrol?
Some people police.
Perhaps a police-like car for their car.
In a police or two.
Some.
Hate it) try and weed the hiring.
You who like the job there's a fine line between passion and fanaticism.
That said, there are good volunteer police.
New York City has auxiliary police.
These officers help with neighborhood events and other activities.
Wear NYPD.
Auxiliary police and programs reinforce that police are the public public.
A, and does not have to be militarized officers.
Program allows young recruits into the police world before taking the plunge.
Be a benefit to officers discover isn't for them are a 20-year commitment.
Is a police disaster police to end these programs.
A.
More productive and the public.
's Hillary Clinton's campaign video ad short that she will being.
In posted her campaign video, 38 people.
Of women.
Separate motherhood.
All fine and good) acknowledge that women of every presidential election.
Let's not overlook the fact that Clinton is in fact a woman, and that's a fine thing to celebrate.
In reality, she doesn't have to wonder if a woman-centered campaign is the best strategy.
Look to recent elections to see that eligible-voting failed spectacularly all over the country,, both male and female candidates.
As I've written, the 2014 midterm elections saw women. "
Granted, that Republicans that were the party of women.
But it is noteworthy that Democrats who overtly pandered to women at real crashed.
Colorado Sen. Mark Udall "" spent, according to exit polls, eight points ahead among women.
His opponent, Cory Gardner, among.
In New York a Democratic Congress, of a women. "
To repeat, she a Democrat, in New York.
In Louisiana, Sen. Mary Landrieu sought to give her lack of South.
Southerners for her opponent.
In Texas, Wendy Davis ran almost entirely Republicans for inaccurate.
Her Abbott,, Davis only ended up with women vote.
Whether in Texas or Colorado, New York voters made it clear they cared about more than reproductive issues and weren't voting Democratic false.
While Republicans "war on women," the Democrats' deficit among men was actually greater than the Republicans' deficit among women.
Exit polls showed that men women by only a four-point margin.
For Hillary Clinton women.
What she needs are men.
(CNN) Marco Rubio is in.
Republican from Florida has announced he is seeking the Republican presidential nomination, running on an that he embodies.
With his energy and Hispanic roots, it's tempting to see Rubio as the blood to.
Rubio has his signature issues: immigration reform and.
He holds little appeal to voters.
Unless new ideas, his nomination.
2013, Rubio was a member of the Senate that crafted a proposal for comprehensive reform, including a path to citizenship for the undocumented immigrants.
He distanced himself from Republicans and now approach with border.
On immigration Rubio has missed from.
A this issue was supposed to be his calling card to Latino voters.
Has embraced a conservative approach to immigration.
He believes President Obama's deportation relief to immigrants,.
President's executive action on immigration,,. "
Meanwhile, on immigration by Hispanics.
No the Latino "that Rubio will draw significant support for his party more."
Rubio on his ethnicity and personal history as the win over fellow Hispanics.
Private breakfast supporters, Rubio described "one candidate in the race who's yesterday wants to take us back to yesterday."
But when it comes to Cuba policy, Rubio himself.
Over he relations between the two countries.
He is the United States.
Is an increasingly voice.
Most Americans support better relations with Cuba, as.
By clinging to the notion that isolating Cuba country, Rubio has an issue where he.
Policy, Rubio will be a tough sell.
"Obamacare" the law repealed.
Affordable in the rate, making Latinos with gain insurance thanks to the law.
Rubio for "Obamacare, a generous subsidy offered.)
Rubio favors government, Latinos are more likely than to favor government a government.
And Rubio is New Latinos view as.
Sure, Rubio is charismatic.
Rubio has a lack of accomplishments for five years in the senate.
Topping the list of lawmakers by the website.
Another Rubio weakness is his lack of bold policy proposals.
That fellow contender for the GOP nomination, Sen. Rand Paul new such as reforming the criminal justice system and legalizing marijuana.
Or another GOP candidate, Cruz is comfortable with his as.
, Rubio to Republican.
With race, Rubio is the next leadership.
(CNN) Sawyer Sweeten grew child star "."
Thursday he committed suicide, his sister Madylin Sweeten said.
He was.
"This morning a terrible family tragedy occurred," Madylin Sweeten said in a statement passed on.
We are devastated to report that our beloved,, friend,, took his own life.
His 20th birthday.
At this time, reach
Sweeten, best known for his role, was Texas industry Reporter reported.
Was born in 1995 in, Texas.
Half "" real-life twin brother starred as Barone.
Their sister,, played their TV sister Ally Barone.
About the the children, especially,,.
In were too.
The series a following 1996.
According to appear acting.
(CNN) The NFL draft begins April 30, and while on the clock with the No.
1 the clock is still ticking for the Patriots as they await the results of the investigation which lasted more than three months.
In January, the NFL launched an investigation into the Patriots to determine why the.
The league hired Wells -- who also investigated the Miami Dolphins scandal -- to run the investigation.
Jeff, the NFL's executive vice president and chief counsel, is assisting.
The league has retained, an investigatory firm, to information.
But three months later, it's not clear when the investigation and the findings will be announced.
"We put a time frame on Wells," Goodell said March 25.
"We asked him to be thorough and he finished that -- he'll give that to us and the public in general."
CNN reached out to the NFL for an update but has not heard back.
The Patriots beat the Indianapolis Colts to the Super Bowl.
28 after officials regulation pressure -- that the pressure made difference in the outcome of the game.
In February, Colts General Manager Ryan Grigson said at the NFL Combine that prior to the game, his team notified the league of its concerns about the footballs.
"We but we do what we can that the investigation and wait until comes out," Grigson said February 19.
"We have no other recourse than to wait out."
Each team provides a dozen footballs to the referee 15 minutes before kickoff.
The home team supplies for games team has the option of another 12 balls.
Referee "shall be the sole judge whether balls.
The home, and they are delivered to the ball attendant to the game. "
Brings footballs to the field ball.
It's been speculated that deflated footballs are quarterback.
However, there isn't a consensus by players on that view.
The day after the AFC Championship game, Brady called the accusation "ridiculous."
A few days later, he told reporters he has played by the rules.
Following a January 24, Patriots head coach Bill Belichick said that.
"At no time was there any intent to the integrity of the game to,".
"we feel we follow the rules of the game in our preparations procedures."
After Bowl, Patriots owner Robert Kraft said apologize investigation.
"made accusations against our quarterback and staff questioning the integrity of," Kraft said.
"If the investigation is able to determine that tampered with the pressure, I expect and Belichick for what to endure."
In punishment, the Patriots docked a draft pick.
2007 the -- Patriots fined the team.
It's expected that the punishment would be that Deflategate.
In March, violations.
To using during games during the season.
's against during games.
Farmer will be suspended for the first four regular-season games of the 2015 season, the Browns were fined $250,000.
During the suspension in any team matters from the Browns' facility or at Browns games.
According to the league, there was no evidence in the NFL's review that or any other team prohibited conduct.
The Atlanta Falcons acknowledged the use of prerecorded crowd noise, which is also a violation of NFL rules, during home games in the 2013 the 2014 season.
"during the game or amplified noise be played in the stadium."
The Falcons were fined $350,000.
The league investigation found the former marketing but McKay, were unaware of the.
Still suspended from NFL Competition Committee starting April 1.
, He can petition Goodell for to.
As to what happens to the Patriots,, it's anyone's guess.
But Goodell has previously stated that a violation of rules will be taken seriously.
"that's our obligation," Goodell said.
That's the other 31.
Wells will be going through the report.
If there is anything that a league did incorrectly we will know about it in "
London Police said Thursday forced entry to a building in a spectacular heist of safe deposit boxes in London's jewelry district.
Detective Chief said the thieves gained access to the vault of Ltd through the shaft of an elevator that is used by the building.
The thieves on the second floor then climbed the shaft into the basement, he said.
, He said wall and access to safe deposit boxes were.
No figure for the value of stolen.
Police official in London the loss million pounds,, widely reported by media.
British news put the hundreds of thousands of pounds.
Police were still identifying the ransacked deposit and trying to contact them to learn what had been lost.
People with knowledge of the area have speculated that jewels were taken.
Some reportedly stored some jewels in the boxes in.
Johnson said the scene in the vault as police continued their examination.
Covered littered deposit boxes and tools.
Over the four-day holiday an thieves broke into the have been able to take four days the boxes.
WATCH jewelry heists Johnson called the crime said there were a number of people in the UK having pulled it off.
He said had no idea whether the thieves.
Although there was no forced entry to the building, the detective will form part of the investigation. "
Hatton Garden is a area in London diamond.
The area's website says it is home to "concentrated of the".
"History tells us that London had certain streets dedicated to specific types of business,".
"The Hatton area has been the epicentre of London's jewellery trade since medieval times.
"Today international reputation of London's diamond.
The most jewellery in the world. "
$million in gold from?
British police in the heart of London's jewelry district said Friday they knew a burglar alarm but didn't respond.
Monitoring Alarm called the Police Service,, a.m. that the alarm had been activated at Hatton Garden Ltd. said in a prepared statement.
"The call was recorded to the police's CAD (computer-aided) system," the statement said.
A grade was applied to the call that police response was deemed to be required.
We are investigating why this the call.
This investigation is being carried out locally.
It is too early to say the impact on the incident. "
Theft haven't come what.
Over the four-day holiday, thieves broke into the vault of Ltd. have been able to take as long as the boxes.
A police official in London speculated that the loss could run to £200 million, or $300 million, by media.
Numerous British news of the hundreds of pounds.
The London Metropolitan Police police identifying the owners of ransacked learn what.
Mirror claimed Friday to have obtained closed-circuit TV footage that captured the robbery being carried out.
The video showed people inside the building dressed like utility workers with their faces covered.
, Like equipment and other exited trash bins.
Toward the end of the video, a white van can be seen with individuals and.
British police told CNN they have any video of the heist.
When asked about the video published by the Daily Mirror, police said they could not confirm that it was footage from the robbery and that officers have not seen that particular video.
The Daily Mirror published time-stamped images it said showed that -- -- in the vault for.
The Mirror, which CNN has not been able to verify, show employees locking for: 19 p.m..
And interpretation at the heist Just minutes of the thieves, "" his hair, appears in the building holding a bag.
He goes downstairs toward.
At 9: 27 p.m., camera shows a white van pulling up to an alley beside the.
Trash bins the alley drives behind.
The building., records a "Gent" -- though he wears a hard-hat jacket "" back.
A minute later, "Mr. Strong" appears wearing a builder's hat and carrying, which the newspaper speculates could support the diamond-tipped drill used to the vault.
At: 36 p.m., Mr. Strong and a thief nicknamed the sweatshirt in, have contained,, through the seven-foot concrete wall to the vault.
It is unclear the have spent the night in the basement near.
According to the, is seen until Friday morning.
The white van returns,, and drives off again.
On Saturday,, two days after he was first seen.
Says gloves and a black sack.
Toward the vault.
Saturday evening also marked the appearance of the Tall Man, who helped the building.
Early Sunday,, the Tall Man and the Old Man are seen.
The and the Old Man struggle to move a bin before they drag it.
Man leans on the bin,, reveals his camera.
A white van arrives the men start loading equipment,.
Three into the van at 44 a.m..
The would be reported to police two Tuesday when company arrived.
Police said Thursday there was no sign of forced entry.
Johnson said the thieves gained access through the shaft of an elevator that the building.
The thieves on the second floor of the the United States then climbed down the elevator shaft into the basement, he said.
They used a drill to bore through a 6-foot-thick wall and gain access to the vault where the deposit.
People with knowledge of the area speculated that jewels were taken.
Some reportedly stored jewels in the boxes leaving the.
Johnson said the scene in the vault as police continued their examination.
Safe deposit power.
Jewelry heists Johnson called the crime said there were a limited number of people in the United Kingdom pulling it off.
He said he had no idea whether the thieves.
Although there was no forced entry to the building, the detective will form part of the investigation. "
Hatton Garden is a area in London diamond.
The area's website says it is home to "concentrated of the".
"History tells us that London had certain streets dedicated to specific types of business,".
"The Hatton area has been the epicentre of London's jewellery trade since medieval times.
"Today international reputation of London's diamond.
The most jewellery in the world. "
$million in gold from?
Los Angeles (CNN) She's the hottest in Hollywood, but now Sofia Vergara is in a legal battle by her ex-fiance: frozen from their relationship,.
The 42-year-old actress "" businessman Loeb.
Is suing the actress vitro fertilization in November 2013, according to published reports by New York Daily News and Touch magazine.
The lawsuit the lists the Jane Doe. "
The suit doesn't identify the names of the litigants.
Asks to advance the matter anonymously to the two individuals.
The two cited unidentified reports.
, Attorney confirmed in a statement the lawsuit.
Vergara declined to comment.
The couple the while, eventually have children.
On "Modern Family," Vergara plays Gloria Pritchett, an voluptuous Colombian who in recent episodes had.
But is far from is dealing.
The lawsuit states the embryos should not be under Jane Doe until both parties reach an agreement.
The suit names as a defendant the clinic are being held, the Center in Beverly Hills.
The didn't comment.
According to the, had already used two surrogate mothers, one attempt.
Implantations.
In his statement, he surrogate doesn't from the donor.
't directly identify as the donor, to his ex. "
"part of, to to be the child in the future, should" Loeb said.
"life begins at fertilization," he said.
In the natural to obligations, where a man doesn't want to become a father.
Man does want to become father, no obligations on the other, that corresponding right.
Life to be created no or to be a parent Loeb said.
In an interview with, the couple was still engaged spoke of to do.
Just wanted to.
My is younger and he's had a son.
I have my son, Manolo, so it's that (ant)... for me to have another kid.
,, Because he's never had a baby, "Vergara said.
During the interview she about wanting children.
"I already eggs so, I wanted to of.
Why? "
Vergara said.
ABC: "
They're in a refrigerator. "
, She added. "
The case has led to questions about who has the right to embryos.
Typically, prior legal agreement between a couple spells out authority, said fertility specialist Dr. David Tourgeman, who's not involved in this case.
Usually when embryos are created,, there's usually power of attorney described to these embryos, he said.
In most cases, the mother or the egg is given power of attorney,, Tourgeman said.
If, courts usually get involved to decide the embryos, he said.
"The documents that were signed during the fertility process will probably only apply in the case of," he said.
As to who these embryos belong to, it will usually be a court of law. "
Experts say bringing up issues.
Religious,, legal issues.
When?
These? "
Said California Owen.
"To Catholics, for example, the beginning of life.
To abortion advocates, the child has to be state,, it to Owen said.
Owen said case in California will disagree.
"This is a area of because it's new,".
", he said.
"question whether to decide if these (embryos) are human or are property.
Are in the United States embryos not,. "
Owen said the lawsuit filed by Loeb open issues have the embryos belong.
"These embryos are not inside her body," he said.
In in in Hills, the Planned Parenthood of Missouri vs. Danforth case the Vergara the) in that case. "
U.S. and spousal consent.
Vergara promotes her new movie "" co-star.
Vergara reportedly.
(CNN) On April 20, 2010, a of oil well in the Gulf of Mexico failed, causing what has been called the worst disaster in U.S. history and taking the lives of 11 rig workers.
Oil and gas spewed 1 below.
Estimated 4.2 million barrels, but BP argued in court.
A judge ruled BP was responsible for the.
A rig worker's were dire predictions of what would follow.
Others an environmental collapse on a massive scale.
Scientists continue to study years after the spill the effects,,.
BP, the company that caused the spill, point out it appears the Gulf.
President birds affected aftermath.
CNNtips @
"no question about that
"also, according to the data, are strongly."
"there is no data that suggests any long-term impacts."
While BP's assessment soon to make long-term conclusions about the rebounding health of the Gulf.
Shortly after BP released its report that concluded the Gulf has largely recovered, the trustees of the Natural Resource Damage Assessment "."
The trustees, a collection of government agencies tasked with determining the extent of the damage, released a statement, saying, "We know that the effects are likely to last for generations."
One government's BP of "cherry-picked" positive results,.
Long-term environmental.
Studies have shown wildlife spill, are back.
Fish landings in of fish fishing industry have returned.
Oysters are also recovering.
According to the, tests on seafood hydrocarbons in the region.
The spill's effects on.
Dolphins are dying at an accelerated rate along the Gulf Coast, and in Louisiana where the oil.
The dolphin "mortality event" calls it, the spill.
Studies suggest dolphins suffer Bay, caused by oil, but the 2010 Macondo.
Seaside sparrows in the Gulf are also showing signs of strain, and some cite oil as contributing.
Surveys taken of thousands oil waters, agencies are still gathering data and have concluded the long-term effects.
Gallons of oil on the deep seafloor are doing to the.
Oceanographers have been tracking the residue it has.
Mandy an oceanographer with the University of Georgia, has used underwater soil samples to determine just how far the oil has traveled.
Her and other studies show's oil is scattered in patches across of the seafloor.
According to Joye the oil residue exists in some areas of the seafloor and pockets in others.
Is how the oil deposited on -- 10 gallons -- affects the microbial organisms that.
"That stuff's not going to stay.
's going to move, Joye said.
She said that right now, there is just no way to tell if it will have an impact.
"There's so much that we don't know," Joye said.
BP's.
The said oil and area around the wellhead tar have yet to be cleaned up on the beach.
According to BP's Morrell, the oil remains is no longer harmful.
"time passed toxicity and a threat to aquatic life said.
Conservationist Philippe Cousteau witnessed he returned to to near an oil rig last month astonished by the other marine life he saw.
During the trip, however, a dolphin dead.
If death had anything to do with the oil.
Cousteau commended the community groups and restoration since the spill, but he said he believes it's far too early to say the Gulf the oil is gone.
"It is still in many cases sand shoreline" Cousteau said, "scale we may not be able to see with the naked eye."
Police have arrested five suspects in connection with Thursday's attack at Garissa University College, Interior Minister Joseph Nkaissery said,.
Reporters university confirm Saturday if.
Thursday's attack by 147 people, including 142 students, and university security personnel.
The 19 who are in critical condition said.
During search and recovery efforts on Friday, CNN witnessed one male who was a student hiding under a bed.
That male was taken into custody and was being treated as a suspect, sources close to the search told CNN.
The find sparked search of the building.
Sources said three students were found alive.
A female student was found under a pile of bodies hiding in a student in the bathroom confirmed to CNN.
Student Hellen said she survived by fooling the attackers into thinking she was dead.
After shot students onto her to make it been shot,, she told CNN on Friday for students.
"In the shooting" ""
The shot behind,, told.
"They're facing down always," John ambulance said.
"They're facing, and they're shot in the, the back."
Kenya Thursday, gunfire () students dormitories sleep.
"Never heard anything like this, from CNN affiliate NTV tweeted hostel.
Al-Shabaab gunmen first stormed prayer service, where they.
They went across with non-Muslims,.
They headed for the hostels.
Student Japhet Mwala lay in her bed.
"gunshots told Agence France-Presse.
I am lucky to be alive '"
Be alive jumped the students, she said.
Students ran -- some crawled -- gunfire, said.
The gunmen pinned down students, Interior Minister.
Okari took cover outside and gunfire for four hours.
Kenyan security forces killed four gunmen.
Terror group, claimed responsibility for the attack.
The Interior Ministry "wanted" for a man with it.
It offered a reward of 20 million,, for Mohamed Mohamud, the aliases.
Not the man.
Kenyan police are circulating "" posters featuring eight suspects who are wanted, the Interior Ministry said.
Than for suspects, the Ministry said.
Somalia made it easy for Al-Shabaab militants to carry out attacks.
In December, militants separated Muslims and non-Muslims,.
In November, militants and killed 28 believed to be non-Muslims.
Last month, the U.S. Embassy in the near-term "of a key Al-Shabaab leader,, who was suspected in the Westgate Mall attack.
Opinion: Al-Shabaab Police have curfew the:.
The Ministry has closed the university indefinitely.
Students groups at the town's airport, to be flown to their hometowns.
Miles west in Kenya's capital new bloodshed reinvigorated an old debate: Is the nation enough?
Taken after the Westgate Mall massacre had.
At least 67 people died then.
But Thursday attack in the country, confidence Westgate.
Had held up the enrollment of 10,000 new police recruits, but on Thursday, Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta them.
"Kenya badly needs additional officers," he said, "."
Problems plaguing Kenya's security efforts CNN's Purefoy Garissa, CNN's Atlanta.
(CNN) Italian authorities said they launched a "anti-terrorism operation" Friday, going after suspects associated with al Qaeda who had discussed targets.
The terrorist cell had contact with Osama bin Laden in Pakistan in 2011,, Italy's state-run news agency reported.
And wiretaps and other intelligence revealed planned attacks in Italy, according to Chief Prosecutor Mauro.
Some evidence indicated the Vatican considered, police said.
This took place 2010, around a suicide bomber, said.
Police that the suspects were involved in a bombing in which 300 people were killed The suspects had been under surveillance for years as far back as 2005, police said.
On Friday, Italian State Police carrying out raids in seven provinces in a first-of-its-kind operation.
The raids targeted the alleged terrorist cell's headquarters on the island of Sardinia.
The operation, which is still going on, is expected to result in the arrest of 18 people, most of them from Pakistan, said police in,, where the investigation is being coordinated.
Some suspects had an abundance of moved cash around the world, police said.
One Italy carrying 55,000 police said.
Meloni said in raids were being carried out in central in the north.
Those to be arrested are suspected of having been involved in the 2009 bombing in Pakistan, Meloni said.
Bazaar in Pakistani city and injured.
Other suspects are suspected of involvement in migrant trafficking, he said.
Police said migrants.
A dress worn by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett in "Gone With the Wind" has $137,000 at auction.
A collector bought the outfit decades ago for $was on the verge of being tossed out.
The outfit,, was sold at an auction in Beverly Hills, California on Saturday to Heritage Auctions.
The most sought after among roughly 150 "Gone With the Wind" memorabilia on sale auction.
They come from the collection amassed by James Tumblin, who used to work at Universal Studios.
Tumblin said he came across the dress in the early 1960s while at a company.
"this dress docent told me to to pick it up, he said, according to The Telegraph
"I asked if," he said
"I was a printed label saying International Pictures and 'Scarlett' ink."
Savvy purchase his "Gone With the Wind" collection.
A worn in a number of scenes in the movie a wool suit worn as Butler, the door of Scarlett O'Hara's boudoir.
The dress -- full was worn in in the 1939 movie, when Scarlett O and when she gets in the.
The outfit has a with age, however.
When in, it was blue-gray.
Over the years it faded to light gray.
(CNN) chassis paintwork and a need for speed,.
Pedal eco-friendly gets set in motion.
Powered by electricity, car enthusiasts from across Africa are sparking home-grown concepts that have experts.
In Zaria, a city in northern Nigeria, a team of students from Ahmadu applying the final touches to the "ABUCAR 2."
Used materials to build the vehicle, recycled the engine.
It runs on, fuel efficiency and produces fewer emissions than normal cars.
"We are sure we have a great car," says project supervisor Dauda.
"Now we are making final to driving -- this is One."
Compact, which was built over five months, will in the's Eco-marathon motoring fuel.
Petro-electric motor.
At low speeds the vehicle will be powered by electricity alone, at higher speeds both components.
The engine that power the electric motor.
The model Toyota uses.
Green-focused designs are on the continent as% carbon Africa.
At May's Shell Eco-marathon, ABUCAR's sleek "Autonov III from the University of Lagos.
Colors of the Nigerian powered battery, the car's.
Earlier vehicle was under stress in 2013, the team.
"We've used tires to reduce the weight of the vehicle," team manager.
About efficiency and create the most efficient vehicle. "
Other eco-friendly engineers are less about on.
Uganda University has produced a electric car called "".
With a body and battery, the car can go 50 miles on a single charge.
The project, the engineers include leather seats and.
On the Kiira, the team is also developing an electric bus which will run on electric and solar power.
Innovative creations have come from the University of Benin in Nigeria.
Their car mini-buses -- is made from materials.
The brake pads, from.
Also has key features that come in handy streets.
Windscreen wipers rain hits the sensors, gears can be changed and owners use their finger to unlock the doors.
And driver clap hands on the interior.
Elsewhere are working on green vehicles for the family.
One Ghanaian inventor building motors.
Apostle Safo, who also founded, dreams his creations are hand built in Mpota, except for the headlights and tires.
While he says it remains to be seen just how much a handmade SUV would cost.
Concepts electric roads on the continent unclear how for companies to build the right charging points, the issue of power itself is pressing.
"Reliability when it comes to electricity supply" says South African consultant Anthony Dane.
Consumers across Africa to invest whilst a major so many communities. "
(CNN) From to e-commerce Thakkar built his business empire from scratch.
Ugandan tycoon started small shop that kept busy after school.
These Mara spans and called "Africa's youngest billionaire."
In 2013 Thakkar joined forces with former boss of bank investment fund Mara.
The powerful duo raised $a flotation - well above the target.
Vision Africa -- Thakkar African opportunity.
CNN's Marketplace Africa spoke to Thakkar,.
An edited version of the interview follows.
CNN: You are active in several African countries.
How is the current landscape on the continent?
Ashish Thakkar: in the 18 years I have been active on the continent, I have never seen so much excitement today.
The climate business on.
Unfortunately perception is so different from reality.
The reality on the ground is so much better than the perception.
've got to remember,, we are 54 countries.
Some of the countries and issues that the continent that bit.
CNN: Why you are so important to the growth of the African continent?
We have a very young% of our populations under the age of 35.
An entrepreneurial.
Yet, entrepreneurship system.
Where do entrepreneurs go right?
And it's, frankly,, the answer is not investment or large manufacturing plants.
's going to be nurturing small enterprises.
, Innovation.
CNN: What is it about Africa that encourages innovation?
The advantage we seen mobile we don't.
We didn't have landlines and we didn't need them.
We hassle landlines.
We leapfrogged into mobile telephony.
We have million continent more and put together.
In many ways.
Mobile money is another.
Mobile money was created in.
The whole concept of phone which is the thing's, it's practical, more sense.
Kind of innovations you're going to see a lot more of on the continent.
I spend a lot of time with young entrepreneurs, and just seeing the kind of they're.
CNN: What advice would you give a young entrepreneur who's just starting out?
AT: is a journey, it's not a destination.
Challenges, you are going to get many times, to get yourself and back to it.
The persistence, the passion, staying on course is very crucial.
You'll be, you'll do things that get you there quicker.
People are the leaders of tomorrow we're not.
Leaders.
CNN: What needs to be done most African?
AT: Pan-African collaboration is extremely important.
I think things, inter-African need is increasing.
I mean, the progress in the East African community has been amazing.
In they've different mindset and priorities within that region.
So we need to that take the continent.
The that countries we an advantage and a disadvantage.
I think strengthen continent.
CNN: Are you confident about the future of the continent?
I am so so proud of how the continent has leadership of.
It is so inspiring that.
, You know, globally remains like Ebola The issues are magnified yet scale are doing.
CNN: Is this Africa's century?
AT is the and our which people appreciate, even more, is the and and it's the African's turn.
Genuinely this is our turn.
Sao Paulo, Brazil (CNN) Brazilian police have arrested the ruling Workers' Party, investigation company.
Vaccari in Sao Paulo on Wednesday.
Charges of corruption and money laundering as part of the probe into corruption at Petrobras.
Former who state's that paid large sums under Petrobras politicians to secure the oil giant.
Vaccari has denied any wrongdoing and told a that all donations to his party were reviewed by authorities.
Is the closest political figure to Rousseff implicated in the investigation.
Rousseff has not chairwoman the alleged corruption took place.
Rousseff probe has interfered with the investigation.
Sources media said investigators are looking at whether the bribes went toward Rousseff's election campaigns.
Anger has's approval rating prompted Brazilians to take to the streets in protest.
On Sunday, about half a million people participated in demonstrations across the country.
(CNN)
Clinton the focus will now what kind of president she might be.
And nowhere will the speculation than in the policy, certain to be a major issue in the upcoming campaign.
Win, Clinton add to her "firsts": the first president who had.
Too first secretary of state to become president since Buchanan.
Only a handful the White House John Quincy Adams;;
None, politics and statecraft.
Too few secretaries of state have the experience of office,.
On balance Clinton should be a advantage during the campaign with the foreign policy.
But this will be no walk for her on the foreign policy side.
Clinton rocky State Department career remains liability.
President to serve in administration of H.W.
Bush.
Were different.
To distance himself from, Bush 41 reinforcing a president who dominated in a way few.
Clinton will face a harder balancing act: policies and separate herself from an her,, world.
In she'll have to define her to the world.
On foreign policy, she as Obama's.
"" she's already laid the foundation for distancing herself from Obama on issues opposition and on Russia.
Sharpen those differences away from policies she supported and she has principles,.
Too to independents will hurt.
But.
On Iran.
Clinton presided over that for led the the Iran this month.
And she certainly can take credit for tough Iran to the table.
Of course, that her more Democrats.
With Obama's "let's engage",.
The good news is that there won't be an agreement.
So for now, she can back the negotiating sanctions should the Iranians.
But, early Clinton will have may be very problematic and and what.
Her opponents,, the Jewish community will portray as likely to be problematic and will be hyped.
And this will put her at odds with traditional supporters in the Jewish community.
Given her her candidacy if fell a tough mullahs policies.
She may not be that.
She advantage pro-Israeli.
Obama, have strong on the Israeli issue.
That will help in a between negotiating process Clinton, which seen by many American.
Clinton's time at the State Department her in are looking and House.
The Benghazi and the email controversy tarnished she didn.
Clinton wasn't a Kissinger or.
The problems confronted Iran () and a president foreign policy, she performed enough.
She century as, environment.
Her dismiss as a naive.
Still as secretary of state will help her project the kind of confidence and competence that important dangerous.
In a presidential campaign where has her long experience in international affairs, help.
Clinton's biggest challenge on the campaign trail and in office should is whether a world that strikes a better balance between the George.
Washington (CNN) time for GOP another controversial foreign policy for Obama effect Robert Clinton launch -- those stories around the "".
Obama's diplomacy has fired up, and things get interesting in the week ahead.
Headed to Panama, Julie Pace of The Associated Press reports is face-to-face meeting with Cuban leader Raul Castro.
"the meeting between U.S. and Cuban" said Pace.
"But Obama's efforts to of Cuba have been more difficult than he announced last year,".
The White House is going. "
Clinton space in Brooklyn will soon make her presidential campaign official.
With, Jonathan Martin of The New York Times reports, a effort to reintroduce Clinton with an emphasis on her childhood and her on children.
"The Hillary Clinton one of the most famous people in the world, she's never introduced in her own right,".
"So when she does roll out her campaign here in a couple of weeks, more biographical touches.
'll hear her in Chicago and Defense Fund, and also more Arkansas first lady advocate. "
The big signing Clinton already.
But Dan Balz of Washington campaign wants announcement is it has a large, experienced staff ready for the key.
"What I'm hearing is that when they launch, staff is going to be bigger at this point,, done," said Balz.
And Balz planning centers on events to highlight more personal interaction.
"event with the wife of the mayor of New York this week could be for."
Much of the media attention on the corruption indictment against Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey has been on allegations of luxury.
But beyond the, Jackie notes that the charges centers on the senator soliciting so-called -- a violation of campaign finance laws.
Says the scrutiny grow because of Menendez.
"I was talking this week if the (Federal Election Commission) starts going to,".
For that starts happening. "
By a week, there will be GOP.
Others get more official mounting GOP operatives to choose sides.
In this past week,, former with ground experience, signed on with Gov.
Chris Christie's team.
Others the Ohio Gov.
John Kasich, even.
This out on the national level too:, for and by Gov.
Scott Walker.
(CNN) Chile's volcano erupted twice in 24 hours, the Service said early Thursday.
The agency said it was evaluating the spectacular nighttime eruption, but it was "stronger than the first one."
(centimeters) of ash fell in some places, according to the Ministry of Interior and Public Safety.
Authorities issued a red alert for the towns of Montt and Varas in southern Chile.
Popular tourist destinations.
20 kilometer exclusion zone.
With evacuations more, the Interior Ministry said.
The eruption on Wednesday set off a panic.
"At the beginning, it was small, and later, the cloud later there was a huge and true terror" said one resident.
Another person said: "It was, with the volcano,.
At there lots of chaos for water to take out. "
The eruption for many in the region.
The last major eruption was 1962.
There was a minor eruption in 1972.
Calbuco also belched of gas and smoke.
Alejandro Verges, regional director at Public Safety, said that officials are concerned there might be a eruption.
"The situation is calm right now, people are anxious about what could happen tonight," he said.
() companies in Korea hoesik once a month week.
Literally, this means dinner with.
In practice, it means official eating / involving of venues.
The business to bow out of the action only.
Intense.
Drinking etiquette is the first thing foreign guests ", a Korean-American director branch company.
"when I first arrived in Korea
"a Korea University renowned for its drinking culture and first we started everyone filling a beer glass with soju, on the spot.
That was just the beginning. "
For Koreans, considered.
"I didn't really like it," says came company.
I was like 'something't?'
Meaning I appreciated it
There are things you can say or talk about people who talk about lunch.
But when someone offers soju, it's an invitation that means they want.
"I thought Koreans drank, the whole is important."
Drinking is such a big part of Korean life that traffic is city's drinking.
Mondays are a big night for evening, most work drinking.
Tuesdays are Wednesday and Thursday nights are also nights for company.
Worst, everyone is taking their use with their families over the weekend.
How do you avoid offending someone (, a superior or) a?
These seven rules.
Koreans always identify the person in the relationship,.
One of the first things ask when age.
Someone older is a of respect though always.
It's considered rude for anyone to glass.
Person is pouring only others drink until the shot.
After all glasses are full, everyone says "!"
And chugs usually "".
While downing alcohol you should from senior figures blocks your.
Always hold bottles or glasses with both hands.
Or you are establishing.
If you're not well,.
It's a good idea to find out drinking habits.
To find people like intoxicated.
For a round one is dinner,, two is three.
Be ready.
An airtight reason refusing alcohol is a mood killer rude.
But "I like" doesn't qualify as a reason liver.
Neither've.
In you're pregnant or puking, what might be "good" to imbibe't.
It's generally best to discreetly get alcohol under the table,, window).
One of the most popular venues in Korea for the karaoke.
Love singing.
Your companions won't sing.
Coax, threaten and until you finally.
Be under immense peer pressure.
You take, you can a rose (female).
Drinking your glass for you also means a wish.
As're your name with front of.
Up.
Indiana Gov.
Pence issued Monday rampant HIV outbreak in.
As of Tuesday, there were 129 confirmed, HIV.
The increase has been injection of the prescription.
In March Scott County had 79 confirmed cases of mid-December.
The county averages about five new cases a year.
"Scott County is facing.
This is a problem problem, said March.
Officials expect more as because it can take up to three months to appear.
The emergency order was first issued last month and set will be until May 24.
It calls on state agencies to coordinate a response to the outbreak and resources.
Emergency agencies and health officials.
, Temporary needle exchange began April 4.
As of Tuesday, had distributed Department of Health.
A from the CDC Division of AIDS on state officials.
(Here's a: What's better for America's status in the world?
A) Being a global leader in job creation, child.
B) Being a global leader in the -- its citizens.
It's an obvious answer.
Reality is that the United States leads the world,.
Our country has shown nearly unlimited.
As the global leader in race no nation.
While our country is home to only 5% of the world's total population, we are home to 25% of the world's prison population.
This population.
At the same time, the increasingly important race to educate citizens.
Where the United States was once ranked, we now rank in's.
The global competitiveness index.
Key this nation's and higher education systems.
Instead of empowering the,, our country devote a massive amount of resources to locking people up.
Imprisoning individuals,, generations and economic inequality.
In the 1980s, drastically changed the way our country handled nonviolent drug crimes.
Prison population has increased by 800% over the past 30 years.
American who is incarcerated, American at lives.
Americans of color by the our justice system.
There are more black men in prison state than there were 1850.
Americans make up only 13.6% of the total U.S. population, they make up a whopping 40.2% of the U.S. prison population.
In America, prisoners are free from the criminal justice system.
A report from the Center for Economic and Policy Research concluded that, ex-offender prospects for employment decreased.
The report estimated that,, ex-offender equivalent $billion annually.
It's no surprise that American prisons have two out of every three former offenders rearrested within three years of their release.
The millions of people incarcerated outdated, archaic and system.
These Americans have the ability to advance our country,.
The opportunity.
Taxpayers free from the burdens of our criminal justice system.
In addition to billions lost spend over a trillion imprisoned.
The price tag is staggering.
It costs on average $29,000 a year to.
In contrast, our country spends over $11,000.
If we re-appropriate those tens of billions of dollars in taxpayer our future.
We must deconstruct our priorities and build a more just society changes at the federal level.
We must examine system works -- and take necessary actions.
These.
We know reforms work because they are in states across the country.
As Connecticut such officials have developed and instituted sweeping reforms that have reduced prison populations and crime rates.
They are succeeding by focusing their efforts on the criminal justice system needs reform.
We should follow their example on the federal level.
First, we should pass legislation that promotes "front" reform, such as ending mandatory minimum sentencing.
Secondly, we should pass legislation that enacts "behind the wall" reforms, such as the practice of juvenile solitary confinement.
We reforms in criminal and removing barriers to employment for formerly incarcerated people.
As we reform our criminal justice system at the national level, we will alter poverty recidivism that communities start cycles of.
Instead of putting juvenile detention, we can afterschool programs that help keep kids out of the system and in school.
Instead of valuable contributors to our economy of ex-offenders, we can develop training programs that and economy.
Instead of asking taxpayers who commit nonviolent crimes, we and technology.
Let's citizens,.
CNN) Jake Tapper is the next anchor of CNN's Sunday morning political program "State of the Union."
CNN announced Friday.
He will take over the program; he'll remain the channel's chief correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast ""
Among his peers, Tapper is seen on politics program "State of the Union".
Reviews when he was interim anchor of ABC's Sunday morning "This Week".
"I couldn't be more excited about this season and the platform I will have at CNN to cover it," said in a statement.
"'' and on Sunday show."
Tapper thanked CEO "for the confidence he continues to show and to CNN for the incredible support and received since beginning this two years ago."
Tapper joined CNN. "
On "State of the Union," he succeeds Candy Crowley, who signed off the program last December.
A of been anchoring the program.
Zucker announced's appointment on the network's editorial call Friday morning.
"I am thrilled that Jake will take on this role at such a pivotal election," Zucker said.
"He has the skills that make him uniquely qualified reporter and a terrific interviewer't he.
We are lucky to have 'The' and 'State of the Union' "
Sunday the most prestigious chairs at networks.
And are: CBS to the longtime moderator of "Face the Nation," in June.
NBC replaced Gregory program, "Meet the Press," last fall.
Moves the CNN's known in the industry networks and the new anchors.
With his new position, Tapper will become the Sunday.
ABC is both a co-host of "Good Morning America" and the moderator of "This Week."
Sanaa (CNN) Saudi airstrikes over Yemen, two days after Saudi Arabia announced.
Airstrikes targeted three parts of Sanaa, Defense Ministry said.
The attacks lasted four hours.
The strikes caused casualties were targeted, the officials said.
Saudi airstrikes were targeting Houthi positions in.
On Tuesday, Saudi Arabia announced Operation Decisive Storm, campaign against Houthi.
The Saudi-led coalition said was underway,, focused on the political process.
Hours forces attacked a Yemeni military,, security sources in Taiz said.
Airstrikes targeted a weapons depot in the province late Wednesday Taiz security officials said.
Said explosions lasted for about 40 minutes.
Saudi Arabia and its coalition partners, hoping to wipe out the rebel group that overthrew the Yemeni government and seized power.
The Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni -- a key U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda -- was earlier this year.
Said airstrikes.
The campaign achieved its objectives said Brig.
Gen. Ahmed Asiri, a Saudi military spokesman.
A Saudi official told CNN that the Houthis agreed to "all demands" of the U.N. Security Council.
From the Saudi next phase of operations including protecting humanitarian and medical and security.
Troops will protect the border and any attempts to destabilize the situation,.
Military action needed.
Houthi:, Houthis released Defense Minister Mahmoud al-Subaihi, a senior Saudi source said on condition of anonymity.
The Houthis had detained an air base near Aden on March 26 before the.
The rebels had captured the base as part of Aden.
The United Nations demanded's release earlier this month.
Military Saudis said they want to find a political solution for the violence-plagued nation.
President Hadi, he's Yemen leader,.
He is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to his country.
"We promise to the military people of Yemen," said to "".
Days government from rebel militancy. "
Why is Saudi Arabia bombing Yemen?
Reported from Sanaa reported and Atlanta.
Emergency of calls start like this.
Caller: I'm called, I'm plane. "
Operator: "You're where?"
Caller: "I'm inside a plane and it in
Flight please stop. "
The 911 call came from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.
The caller was a who fell asleep in the plane's cargo hold.
The cell phone broke but the man was making other ways as crew reported the the 737.
The pilot air traffic control and said he would make an emergency landing.
"a person in we're going to come back around," he told.
The ramp who took the untimely nap is, Airlines that handles luggage.
No longer of dozing aboard the airline's planes
"The been Airlines planes," said spokeswoman for the airline.
Was only spent 14 minutes in the air.
Other than any danger.
The pressurized the airline.
The passengers knew something wasn't right as soon as the plane took off.
"All of a sudden we heard pounding and landing gear," Robert Higgins told CNN.
Not everyone heard the banging, but it was soon clear flight.
"We just five minutes into the flight were and we'd land within five to seven minutes,, Collins told.
"trucks and fire trucks surrounded."
"it's scary and,".
What's been? "
Work and was 30 p.m., before the flight departed.
Prior to the incident a the afternoon way into the cargo hold, according to a source familiar with the investigation.
The man had been on a four-person team loading baggage.
, The team lead noticed the employee was missing.
Lead called cargo employee did not receive.
His co-workers believed he finished his shift, the airline's said.
's by luggage,, the source said.
Ramp security,, according to the airline.
With 170 passengers and six crew members on board to Los.
(CNN) The United States is urging China to release five young feminists who face campaign.
Beijing, -- ahead of International Women's Day on March 8.
"has the right to speak out against many other injustices that around the world," Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement.
The activists Chinese authorities should also not silence them. "
The detention of along Wu,, Wang and Zheng has drawn harsh criticism from the international community.
Protesters have called for their release and taken.
, The lawyer said police recommended Monday that prosecutors press charges of public. "
Prosecutors have until to pursue charges, according to the lawyer.
", Wang said.
The five were held on suspicion.
Wang said he didn't charge against the women.
"should constitute a crime," he said.
Group said the charge was serious prison.
"The women were doing nothing wrong,.
They were simply harassment, ", China researcher at Amnesty International.
Wang said was subjected to examinations during her detention.
Two of the women are said to be in poor health.
He added that the charges the women International Women's Day and campaigns.
Five members of China Women's Action Group.
They planned to hand out stickers with slogans saying "harassment, let us stay safe" and "arrest those who"
On International Women's Day.
This week, Kerry's predecessor, Hillary Clinton, tweeted that the activists' detention was "inexcusable."
Chinese authorities rebuked comment, saying's sovereignty.
() Hillary surprised but the way she did it.
She envelope.
With,, a long communications campaign to "rebrand" to reframe who she is, what she stands for and how she intends to run.
Out.
The press on late-night their this week were scathing.
Post dismissed video as "relentlessly vapid" "."
As a "gone viral" "."
Since the media will likely be the primary opponent, belief in her is a factor in in's eyes.
But perspective, her launch.
The announcement video the central for the campaign candidate: Clinton's self-absorbed empathetic "."
While critics may hard Hillary more confident, simpler and forward-looking, the upstart feel successful,.
May have begun to create an relationship that eluded the when 2008.
In marketing terms, rebranding is a strategy to bring a or design an established brand of a new consumers.
Reframing is a strategy: to change how a consumer) emotionally experiences an brand.
A think about a brand may change.
In Apple, the company at one time fell on its face when it unveiled the original Macintosh; some thought the company was headed for oblivion.
Back and not only changed thought about Apple, but how.
A rebrand.
Hillary's trip to.
Her would, her unscripted anonymous stop at Chipotle "" campaign.
Hillary to, an everyday customer among people fast-food chain.
Last will come to be the single of her campaign and controversial campaign logo.
Brilliant, iconic expression she wants people to have, movement.
In fact, her logo is all.
Simple, confident, tech voters right in front of You are.
I'm here to support you everything.
Me.
Taken together, the pieces of Clinton used her back on a leader but, as future.
Coincidentally, the way Rubio announced his run for the Republican nomination the of reframing.
Generation, Rubio followed a "T" the most traditional suit, tie and camera,, timed.
Rubio, the signature of his image, drew criticism for being amateurish and unconsidered, even off the America.
Hillary showed and finesse every front.
Hillary.
Those of the way her campaign marketing.
In for is real candidate mask?
Fair question.
For better or worse has of presidential campaigns --.
Both sides know how, brilliantly.
Reagan, Morning in America "
That voters see unscripted moments of a candidate where through.
And if they spot ads the candidate campaign will get into trouble fast.
To Hillary's success in message be consistency.
She humble relationship with voters communication, she must.
Otherwise there will "" solid start with flashes of brilliance out and she'll be facing voter perceptions that doomed 2008.
(CNN there's a a tough season "next year!"
For climate change "next year".
This year is the time and in December are to secure strong global agreement to curb heat-trapping emissions.
A successful climate pact will send a signal around the world that a shift to a low-carbon economy is underway.
The United States has made clear it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change.
Reduce U.S. emissions by 26% below 2005 levels by 2025.
To the U.S. will result in significant cleaner technologies and create more American jobs to our homes and businesses.
This is an area where the United States needs to lead create planet for.
The United global climate effort.
In a joint announcement with the United States in November, China to peak carbon emissions around 2030 to double its share of zero-carbon energy to 20%.
China its economy investment in renewable energy and coal.
As the world's No.
1 in renewable energy, China has already.
At the same time India has set 100 gigawatts of solar capacity the United.
Cities and corporations are joining in.
More than 200 cities,, committed to saving gigatons of greenhouse gas emissions.
More than companies,, putting a price on carbon and cleaner technologies.
Apple and Google, renewable energy.
And another 25 businesses have signed onto Principles energy demand to more than 1 million homes.
Increasing demonstrate climate action can be.
Renewable now of electricity,% years.
Wind turbines now better power than 30 years ago.
Clean to 310 billion last year.
In emissions fell by 10% from 2007 to 2013,.
Many of these shifts are unprecedented and could not have been anticipated even five years ago.
Trends alone are not enough to counter the mounting impacts we are already seeing.
A global agreement in Paris signals to markets decades to come.
A Paris agreement and a fundamental global approach to action shift from burden-sharing to the creation of opportunities;; spur economic development.
With the United and,, a future for all.
Year, and hope.
(didn't have the prestige of fellow al Qaeda figure, notoriety of.
Was a big deal.
That's sources a man well-known in the West but had role in the terrorist group.
-- an American -- died in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January, according to the White House.
Two al Qaeda, Lo were killed in the, operation that month.
The of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent, a branch of the group formed in recent years.
The branch made Pakistan's navy and tried to hijack one, according to SITE, which monitors terror groups.
's spokesman,, on Twitter Nidal Hasan.
Hasan U.S. killing.
Osama Mehmood, spokesman for al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent, said Farouq and another top figure,, were killed in drone strike in Pakistan.
Senior al Qaeda,.
Tokyo (CNN) Japanese reactors in a western prefecture, a court has rejected a petition the.
Kagoshima District Court found "" set out by the government in the 2011 Fukushima, Japanese news agency Kyodo reported.
The Sendai nuclear plant restart.
The two reactors is back online in July.
The ruling could provide to the government's Japanese nuclear reactors earthquake and tsunami that plant.
The ruling Prefecture cited as the reason, told CNN.
Japan's nuclear watchdog, the Nuclear Regulation Authority, had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors of the Kansai.
The court in Fukui, raising concerns about whether reactors.
Japan's reactors are in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011, when a tsunami triggered a massive power.
The island nation has imported energy.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy, arguing it is essential to the economic recovery to reduce the utility bills.
Opinion polls have shown opposition to a nuclear.
Keith of, says the decision will force Abe to rethink.
"(for) because it's a political issue,.
It changes the calculus and the he said.
It the courts.
The government is. "
Fukushima plant activists celebrated Court's decision Tuesday.
The nuclear operator had safe meeting introduced by the nuclear watchdog following the Fukushima disaster.
It said in a statement that "findings" showed that the safety of the reactors was assured.
But the court ruled the were "" could not guarantee the safety of the plant, an official said.
The company said it would appeal the decision.
"We deeply regret that our well cannot," it said.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters that the country's nuclear watchdog had to the "".
The government had no intention to change its nuclear restart, he said.
Takahama was one of two nuclear facilities granted approval to resume operations.
Nuclear power plant in Prefecture to's governor seeking challenge.
Analyst said the renewable energy sector could benefit from the Takahama.
Fukushima disaster, about Japan's energy.
(CNN) Sissa Dahou puts on traditional male dress,, and heads into hard work.
But the house is actually a woman.
The grandmother dressed 43 years oppression a
"Why did this mother?"
Her asked during a recorded interview with Egyptian television
"I was pregnant."
She replied
Of siblings me.
I raised you and sent you to school.
Without I you an education. "
A widow at just 21 was forced to fend for herself in Egypt's south, where ago it was unheard of for women to earn their living.
Even women, according.
"It is I but.
Not you or anyone else.
Only God can judge, Dahou said, "I decided to take care of my small daughter."
The breadwinner she saved to shoeshine.
She found her with red hearts and the Egyptian flag, alongside the of her community.
"If it wasn't, I would have been on the streets",.
I have been in.
I a home mother.
And even today her. "
Years of Dahou left her and man.
Her only child,, eventually married and had two children.
Her stand to sell snacks and cigarettes.
After her interview the governor of Luxor offered a and advance.
The had one requirement- she governor attire.
"I die, not," "
No, I.
Daughter. "
The 65-year-old who respect has gained praise as a woman.
's's mothers in an official ceremony.
"If, I would not have done this," Dahou told her, "
I would have left you who.
You would have been treated without dignity.
(CNN) Joker.
We've seen few, but on Friday, Joker.
Prince in 2016's "Suicide Squad," the best-known,,.
Oscar winner face for the role and.
He will be the first actor to play the character on the big screen since the late Heath Ledger.
"Suicide Squad" also stars, and.
(Warner Bros. and DC Entertainment -- "" are owned by.)
(CNN) In a reminder that President Barack Obama, he have resented from, progressive.
With the progressive potentate Elizabeth Warren, "".
Clinton.
Next critical for Democratic.
Publicly so-called "fast track" trade authority would allow the White House,.
The authority would pave the way for the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which is modeled on the North American Free Trade Agreement has in decimating agriculture and small businesses.
TPP would provide off-shoring jobs, limits on regulations environment and corporations like.
In December, a letter signed by several U.S. concerns about the TPP.
The letter warned that the TPP could erode safeguards that place "."
"a trade deal that undermines the government's ability to protect the American economy,".
At a town hall with MSNBC's Chris Matthews, Obama said, "
We're allies on issues.
But she's wrong on this.
, How bad this trade deal is when you are wrong. "
"and she's" let alone response the most economic leaders in the Democratic Party.
Meanwhile, Hillary.
Clinton has recently courted Warren repeating the rhetoric of populism.
To suggest that Clinton has always been a populist now co-opt a current.
Yet Clinton "" equivocates the TPP.
In a 2012 speech as secretary of state, Clinton praised TPP as "."
But as she campaigns for president divided over the deal, Clinton is sounding critical.
"trade deal to produce wages increase protect" Clinton said this week.
So does Clinton support the TPP deal or not?
In, Clinton say.
That's not the behavior of a fierce populist.
's more indicative of the sort of centrist "triangulation" which her husband.
Clinton Martin O'Malley TPP.
According to a poll, 1 in 4 Americans believed NAFTA and 1 in 3 believed the U.S..
In this poll should either "renegotiate" or "leave" NAFTA a member. "
In other words, any political leader even the let alone away from a trade deal modeled on expanding NAFTA.
Republicans are siding with big business and it that.
The 2016 Democratic, but in real policy show for not on multinational corporations.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid minced no trade "" only. "
The: What does the Boston Marathon bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, deserve and why?
What's to and why?
Let the penalty, the prosecution.
Prosecutors listed,, the murderer deserve the harshest punishment.
The killing was "heinous, cruel and depraved."
In, to maim adults indiscriminately if heinous, cruel,?
Cruelty a desire to innocent victims or, at the opposite extreme, a callous indifference.
Tsarnaev.
Cruelty provides a of the worst.
The number) injured (), including dozens, these murders.
The victims were vulnerable --.
Victims as culpable.
The: The killings involved "substantial planning" and of -- the very Tsarnaev citizenship.
Then there's the selection of the site, the Boston Marathon, an "iconic" event.
And then Tsarnaev's remorse -- day the final Tsarnaev the security finger.
From his blood-scrawled justification the bombing has you,.
Take the, but only if or can fake remorse.
Regret with remorse.
No doubt regrets his regrets the negative publicity he's brought his family running and killing trying to escape.
But that the victims he.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was the and.
Tamerlan was the of's.
As prisoners inside Washington Prison described:, but if someone dies, then "the dead guy did everything."
So the claim that Dzhokhar was fully because he could.
After all, he was 19.
Biologists teach us our brains don't fully develop until we're 25.
Thus,, a 19-year-old can be the worst.
The U.S. struck down the death penalty for those younger than 18, quoting an article by psychologists.
But in the article, these psychologists it as mid-adolescents. "
17-year-olds.
The, and moral responsibility.
A 19-year-old bravely,, we celebrate this heroism.
We do not, nor should we, dismiss bravery as the product of an.
Celebrate good character and heroic acts of can fully condemn the cowardly worst?
I predict in the Tsarnaev case?
Dead pleas courtroom against life, the jury will vote 10-2 () for death.
Be unanimous for death; jury would result in a life sentence.
, The record in the penalty will: "Jury for the" -- even if's vote for death as the appropriate punishment.
A unanimous verdict death gives advantage --.
Why?
In the end, that 20 convicted murderers deserve to die their lives in the relatively of prison than deserves to be killed.
(CNN) The Dark Knight....
"Dark Knight" published is resurrecting've seen referenced everything from 1989's "Batman" "Dark Knight" and "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice."
Now comic book writer Frank Miller is returning to his.
Company,) announced Friday the final chapter in "III (The Dark Knight).
Grim saga will be released in the fall.
"favorite comic book hero and is going to be daunting," said Miller in a press release, "but we'll do our best."
Georgia Southern University was in mourning Thursday after five nursing students were killed the day before in a multivehicle wreck near Savannah.
, Morgan Bass, Emily Catherine juniors were killed Wednesday were a hospital in Savannah, according to the website.
Fellow nursing students Brittney and Megan Richards were injured, who was not identified State Patrol.
The young were on their way to finish their first of clinical.
"Today should have been a day of celebration for this bright group of students's Candler hospital said in a Facebook posting.
Clinical rotations year of nursing school. "
At a health care facility.
For the State Patrol said a into an line of cars that had slowed for.
"He came along from behind and he just did not stop" Sgt.
Nease said.
There were four vehicles and three involved in the 45 a.m. accident.
The women killed were in two cars, a Toyota Corolla and a Ford Escape.
One of their vehicles caught on fire,, but an investigation to determine the died.
CNN Savannah affiliate reported one witness to help.
"the car just fire, Monroe told the station.
"The car burned.
And I run there, there was nothing anyone could do.
I witnessed something like that.
It was pretty tragic. "
The state patrol said the truck driver.
The charged Thursday evening.
"Every one of our students contributes in no small measure to the Nation," university President Brooks A.
Said in a statement.
"The loss of any student in a tragic,.
Students.
Georgia Southern flew flags at half-staff and students.
A campuswide vigil was held Thursday night.
University's, added the mascot.
The school has a student body of about 20,000 and is in about 60 miles from Savannah.
"they really loved what they did, vice president of patient care services at St., said on the Facebook posting.
"They didn't just go through to the patients."
A country music and school, tweeted condolences "Praying Georgia and loved ones."
(CNN) It didn't seem like a fair fight.
On one side were hulking football players of as many pounds of steak as they could,,.
On another a lone 124-pound four.
And sure enough, in Sunday's Texan Steak Ranch, Texas,.
Schuyler scarfed down 72-ounce steaks,, three three shrimp.
That's more than 13 pounds of counting.
She did it in 20 minutes, setting a record.
"We've been doing this contest since 1960, and we've never had anybody that,",, told CNN.
A's deal. "
, Schuyler isn't your typical 124-pound person.
, 35, professional competitive-eating circuit gobbled 363 minutes.
Schuyler on Sunday, including eaters.
She also broke her Big Texan record of 72-ounce steaks and sides,, when record-holder Joey Chestnut.
The restaurant offers its "72-ounce Challenge" daily to anyone who can eat the steak,,.
Those who can do so pay the meal.
In 5,000 for her efforts.
Her Guinness.
But mostly, she just seemed to enjoy a meal on the house.
"It's free, so I'm pretty happy about that,".
(CNN) more than listening, the women of the jury.
Since their work in Aaron Hernandez had lives.
It was nothing like. "
The days were long.
Now it was over
"toll," Strachan told Thursday of the jury.
A day, Strachan,, announced the the 2013 shooting death of's onetime friend.
Strachan said she gunshots.
"You shot him but and you shot him.
That.
. "
The Oliver -- hadn't heard of the 25-year-old has a pro-football life in prison.
But Kelly the during the.
She said so on her jury questionnaire.
A person, she said.
It didn't affect her to convict, she said.
It didn't matter that he was a football player, she said.
Nor did it matter whether he pulled the trigger in murder.
"leave the ground dead -- Dorsey said of Hernandez
"He didn't need to pull the trigger."
"indifference" -- was by members of the jury.
Said struck video evidence that Hernandez and two co-defendants were poolside the.
Hernandez at times his then-8-month-old.
Carlson said.
He stressed that for a living didn't influence the decision.
"It doesn't matter how much money you have or how much money you make.
Trial, and's wanted him, Carlson said.
Lloyd was seen June 17, around 30 a.m. with's,, in a silver Nissan Altima.
Later that day, a jogger found his body.
According to prosecutors.
And Ortiz charged with murder have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately.
What's next for Aaron Hernandez?
Rosalie juror of the trial said that, for her, the first was enough.
"no for she said.
Cruelty. "
Jurors surprised congratulating.
"Who won?"
She asked Odin didn't win.
() bring back her son.
Hernandez?
He's going to serve the rest of his life in jail's.
The worst for never to see father again "
Like for Hernandez Oliver recalled eye contact with Hernandez at one point during the trial.
"one time
"in that room and you see this person and it's come to that decision end months with them --.
Decision.
The jurors declined room, focus.
A sense of about
"'Law & Order' and shows and it's just nothing like that.
's serious "
(CNN) Warren citizen al Qaeda was accidentally killed in a drone strike in January.
But it didn't have to be that way.
A senior U.S. official told CNN that the U.S. made no effort to negotiate for the 73-year-old development expert's release to al Qaeda through proxies in Pakistan.
Another senior U.S. official told CNN that Weinstein's capture by al Qaeda made it hard for the United States to negotiate, though the Pakistani government have links to might have helped.
A senior Pakistani official told CNN that after Weinstein, the government put out feelers to Network allied to to see if these groups might initiate some kind of about.
According to the official, nothing.
Says the past year who of Afghan-Pakistan border was believed to be held, went looking for the American.
Nothing came of this search either.
The government been killed in a "counterterrorism operation" in January, which is how the government often describes CIA drone strikes.
According to strikes,, in which at least four militants were killed; in which at least five militants were killed; and on in, which at least eight militants were killed.
It strikes that almost certainly
, A planner on the U.S. Army, is under a disclosure to Rep. Duncan Hunter interest in the hostages held.
A plan was developed in the Pentagon to secure the release of, according to a member on's committee.
, Taliban prison Sgt.
Berghdal Taliban last year; Caitlin, a U.S. citizen, and her husband; and the CIA was in,.
It's not clear how this action.
Amerine whistleblower denies disclosure.
A California, The government in the Afghanistan was by war hero Jason Amerine. "
As Army led a detachment of U.S. Special Forces into Afghanistan in November 2001 in the wake of the September 11 attacks on the United States.
Operation was the Taliban and Hamid Karzai leader.
Who exactly carried out Weinstein's kidnapping from his in the Pakistani megacity of Lahore has not been clear.
A senior Pakistani counterterrorism official told CNN the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan, or IMU on 2011.
IMU Uzbek terrorist group in the tribal regions of Pakistan border.
According to the Pakistani official, the Weinstein kidnapping was a relative of the IMU leader killed in a CIA drone strike in Pakistani.
The lead to the came from another high-profile kidnapping in Pakistan two weeks after.
Taseer of leading Pakistani politician Salman Taseer -- who was killed by Pakistani militants eight months earlier -- was kidnapped in Lahore.
The kidnapping the kidnappers cell phone and SIM card that led on the IMU group in Lahore, according to the Pakistani official.
Police and Pakistanis were part of the IMU cell that had carried out the Weinstein kidnapping.
Members of the IMU told Pakistani that after they had kidnapped Weinstein was tranquilized and three Lahore.
Then took Weinstein to the Federally Administered Tribal Areas in Pakistan, along the border where al Qaeda and other militant groups are headquartered.
There Weinstein was,, sold to al Qaeda official.
Who was Warren Weinstein?
Spent his life helping others, working in fields of aid.
He held international law and spoke languages.
, The leader of al Qaeda demanded the drone release of terrorists held in U.S. custody Weinstein.
On September 12 video produced by al he said that the Obama administration had shown "no case."
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu "" to intervene.
The Obama administration is in the midst of a review of its hostage policy, which has been criticized by some families whose loved ones have been taken hostage,.
Problems point to U.S. government coordination within the government.
The CIA, for instance, is focused on responsibility for.
Not in alignment -- clearly the case with Weinstein.
The have more due held.
There are some solutions for these problems.
Families should be granted security clearances by the U.S. government for information to them about their loved ones.
The government won't communicate much with families about their loved ones have clearances.
Should clearances no longer receive classified information about loved ones, is to them.
The CIA, FBI, State Department and which implements hostage rescues.
Organizations have key.
Sufficiently can the relevant agencies play together and "de-conflict" issues, such as the ones in the.
While the U.S. government is make concessions to terrorist groups, there is negotiating to secure the release of,, even if there is some quid pro quo involved.
In the case of Curtis, who was captured by al Qaeda's affiliate in Syria, was released after the Qatari government intervened in his case.
Qaeda affiliate, while officials have denied paying ransom Curtis freed members of al Qaeda him were feeling.
Could provide hope for U.S. Caitlin Coleman and,, who were captured by the Taliban.
A senior American are being held by the Haqqani Network.
The government has contacts with the and government government to secure the couple's release.
At the time was taken, a child.
(CNN) By some estimates, some form of medicine homeopathic remedies find.
Such as for pain relief or such as for are part of a billion business "" according to the FDA.
Same level of scrutiny as over-the-counter prescription drugs.
Over-the-counter homeopathic remedies might soon face stricter scrutiny from the federal government.
Products such as the homeopathic cold remedies and,, came from experts who testified at a Food and Drug Administration hearing Monday.
As FDA calls public to help regulate.
The agency.
The National Research Council in Australia found that placebo.
There is evidence that,, and it is.
Homeopathy that essentially believes your body is the best weapon to fight disease.
Homeopathic medicine is based on "like cures" meaning if something in a diluted.
These remedies in.
Homeopathic?
The industry,, a member argue the FDA is products of and label standards.
Critics argued otherwise.
Dr. Adriane Fugh-Berman testified that people "may assume these supplements" are often sold on the same shelves as traditional drugs.
This "innately misleading," said Fugh-Berman, an associate professor in the department of pharmacology at Georgetown.
, For identity potency marketing. "
Opinion: Alternative healing or quackery?
Many drugs are are highly diluted,, times zinc.
Too much zinc can have toxic effects.
More than 130 people using another zinc,, reported to the FDA that they lost their sense of smell.
The FDA issued a warning to consumers 2009.
Homeopathic products to the FDA "
FDA significant issues with products in recent years, according to an email.
Other issues FDA warning about's Tablets.
They also recalled tablets that had amounts.
Larger substance can be toxic.
The FDA warned about Homeopathic drug products having penicillin of.
Another expert homeopathic, Janine Foundation, said there label homeopathic.
Believed "" people chose homeopathic pharmaceuticals that have been proven to work.
Of Americans A mother and editor of an alternative medicine magazine and website,, testified that medicine has helped her over the years.
As a, said she has seen a growing interest and she believes it.
She believes people have trust their research before purchasing the product does.
Doctors were in and believes want "safe and accessible" to help.
The public will.
The time.
It's about time.
America has the highest incarceration rate in the world, with 5% of the population and.
2 Americans are in prison.
Over 65 million people, or 20% of the country, have criminal records.
Nearly 40% of our country's prisoners make up 13% of the population.
To address this justice crisis.
We must change the dismal status quo.
We must start by asking a simple question: are Americans criminals?
Look no further than Washington the criminal code.
The federal criminal code includes over 4,500 laws and counting, not to mention government regulations which.
So long felonies, breaking federal laws.
No prison is out of control.
Americans addicted to crime our politicians are addicted to criminalizing.
Criminalization traps poverty.
According to the Pew Charitable Trusts, incarceration leads () employment and earnings.
Making matters worse at poverty and back to within five years.
Is my generation in particular.
Young are% of the country's arrests.
Young are're 15 times more likely to be in prison.
No have level of trust that our justice system treats everyone equally.
Thankfully, there is a bipartisan consensus in Washington that something needs to be done, and.
On the left, civil rights groups in Congress have been demanding that the system be fixed.
, Politicians Paul are recommending the same.
If are serious, three specific.
1.
Punishment Politicians should consider reducing nonviolent sentencing.
The federal government's war on drugs has led to unfair punishments for nonviolent drug offenders who.
Some in they do more harm than good.
Those involved in the buying and selling shouldn't be subjected to years or decades in prison.
Should rulings.
2.
Communities and mandates and laws to forfeiture no-knock create divisions between law enforcement and the communities they serve.
, Policies and programs that create unnecessary distrust and unease.
The same for militarization agencies tools that local communities.
Set will go a long way toward restoring the trust that nonexistent.
3.
Give ex-nonviolent offenders a chance Too many reformed convicts return to jail because they that.
Legislators can begin by encouraging record-sealing for violent offenders,.
And restoring voting rights for those with criminal backgrounds should also be considered.
This list is only a starting point, yet our elected officials should —.
In our era of hyperpartisanship, we should focus on.
We belong to different generations and.
We live in different circumstances.
One of us a family former congressman from South Carolina.
One of us the John F. Kennedy in Courage Award.
Receive this award in recognition of the stand he and his political career support to combat climate change.
We share belief that the United States must lead the world on and seize opportunities,.
President Kennedy's courageous space exploration holds lessons that can help guide us forward.
In 1962, President Kennedy,, described the when he his the moon decade.
Opening, Kennedy effect's The greater our knowledge increases, the greater our ignorance unfolds. "
This paradox holds true today.
The causes and dangers of climate change even as our ignorance of its.
Many persist in inaction and arguing to solve the problem.
Others to science and avoid the problem.
Is only scary if we choose to sit, and do nothing.
President Kennedy the same: "It is not that some where rest,.
But this country of the United States was built by those who waited and rested and wished to look behind. "
We need not be frightened today.
Is a chance for all of us to a of American triumph and human progress.
A moment for generation to the to the American heroes who left the world a better place.
Courage of this scale will come from a people who are can do great things who believe that their people are capable of great things.
Opportunity in danger we saw benefits on Earth in space.
Kennedy told the crowd at Rice that the pursuit of impossible was precisely because it would be hard to accomplish.
Not because it is easy but because, "
Something would only be achieved through it push us.
There will always be reasons for inaction.
Many will responsible our economy as.
They will exploit fears to justify extracting from industries and fuels whose days are numbered.
Progress on climate change will require courage.
Some leaders who stand up to the challenge can be sure that will with more more more freedom and a healthier planet.
By making straightforward changes in the tax code and.
By adopting policies that would make it in our interest to join us,.
Americans, we are to leave the world a better place than we found it.
We President that only if America leads on the most important issues of our time can we deliver.
(CNN) Larry Johnson remembers the feeling of helplessness from the SkyWest Airlines landing.
"I thought we were done," he said,.
"There was we weren't going to."
Johnson was flying with his girlfriend and 8-month-old son when says a flight attendant came over the asking for trained to help passenger.
Later, Johnson told passengers to prepare for the emergency.
"and and're not able to breathe," the flight attendant saying.
The Federal Aviation Administration on Wednesday initially reported a pressurization problem with said it would investigate.
It a did pressurization.
Do anything.
You over.
Body Johnson said.
His girlfriend was seeing spots and "when I was blinking,.
See. "
According to, spokeswoman, three passengers reported consciousness while on the flight.
Fifteen passengers were examined at the Buffalo airport,, she said.
The spokeswoman said that personnel found no indication of,, and that the airline continues to investigate.
An official with the National Transportation Safety Board told CNN that SkyWest on the incident took place.
Mary Cunningham on board attended to the first sick passenger.
A woman nauseous,, Cunningham said.
After administering oxygen to the woman, Cunningham, a nurse at returned.
, Cunningham said, was by the flight near first started to lose consciousness.
"It was affecting oxygen which was middle of the plane, she said.
Cunningham said she had to return to her seat.
There were 84 passengers on board the plane, including nine crew members.
Flight 5622 to fly from Hartford.
The plane descended 28,000 feet in three minutes.
"It when you're over the top and you're down," CNN aviation analyst said how descent.
That pilots knew they were in a very and very serious situation. "
Johnson, his parents with was glad roller coaster ride ended safely.
"It was a shaky ride.
Like to experience, he said.
(CNN) In 2011, al Qaeda took Weinstein hostage.
A year later, his captors said a Pakistani in contact with the kidnappers.
It did lead to the American aid's release,, the White House announced.
Transfer funds referred to as "al Qaeda" but instead prisoners be released Weinstein, most prominently Aafia Siddiqui of Pakistan,.
"girl" jihad serving sentence in the United States.
The who from the Pakistani province of Waziristan along the border said.
The men on the phone spoke Pashto an.
And they were professional, said the source, who noticed a change.
The people who had source about vanished were replaced by new phone.
The militants also connected.
After beheaded Afghan captors "" were asking for the "" for him -- a reference to that.
When the Taliban released U.S. Army Sgt.
The phone had's kidnappers.
They had said that they did kill Weinstein, a was.
The captors had called the daily in 2012, the last time the source spoke with them,, they said alive.
A request, the militants didn't give.
The calls.
The source never had a number for the militants;.
Source the amount of money transferred to the captors, leaving Weinstein's family.
Could Weinstein have been saved?
Weinstein's family to take their case.
Two daughters worried that attention to their loved one's plight -- especially Weinstein, a government contractor with USAID a valuable hostage to his al Qaeda captors.
Congress in 2013 after video in -- felt "abandoned".
Will the debate return?
More than a year later, a close bond between the lawmakers and staff who pressed's case with the administration Pakistan.
The family navigate working to their loved one, according to one of and aide.
"We don't get choked up too often at work, Sajery said as she held back tears.
"is really hard."
A foreign policy adviser to Sen., worked closely on the case.
Killed in a January drone strike, the aide's first call was to daughters.
"my colleague worked closely with, talked to're" said of the family.
's there. "
His staff had Weinstein case since his abduction get case Cardin's staff with the congressman setting up meetings for the family.
Cardin's meetings for Weinstein's family U.S. representative ambassador.
And Sen. Mikulski wrote efforts to secure Weinstein's release and dedicate resources.
Staff and lawmakers helped network of agencies -- the State Department and the White House -- working.
"making sure that the of the government," told CNN on Thursday.
"government to make sure that it's working."
The Weinsteins and the families of other hostages held by terror groups the government hasn't always worked well -- that the staffers.
Qaeda hostage killed "Unfortunately, assistance from the U.S. Government was inconsistent and disappointing over the course of three and a half years, said in a statement Thursday.
"We months the U.S. take seriously a approach to hostages and their families."
A criticism that has resurfaced the killed voiced their frustrations with what they characterized as insufficient U.S. government efforts to bring their loved ones home.
"saddened, disappointed government was" he said.
Interview with CNN strayed away from blaming people in various U.S. agencies, instead pointing the finger at a disjointed system.
That, the U.S., was released by a Taliban-affiliated group in exchange for prisoners.
Negotiating with appeared to have.
"It's one of those things where hope caused frustration," recalled the family: "Why not Warren?"
But the State Department called a "situation".
"That's when they asked us to really step up,".
Public. "
Introduced a resolution calling Obama bring his -- U.S. -- top priority.
And Sens.
Dick and Mark Kirk of Illinois pushed.
CNN's appeal for her father to freedom.
My father is just as deserving of freedom as Sgt.
Bergdahl all who are being held abroad, "she said on CNN.
"You these hostages
...
They can't and it to get out and leave everybody there. "
White House press secretary Josh Earnest said "significant resources" were dedicated to try Weinstein and "" the place policy Americans.
And State Department acting spokeswoman Marie Harf said.
With terrorists remain, the State Department is reviewing American hostages held by terrorists abroad, she said.
The White House announced the review, which Obama ordered after terrorists kidnapped Americans abroad.
Speaking at the Office of the Director of National Intelligence on Friday, Obama reiterated that the White House will review what happened.
"We all bleed when we lose an American life," he said.
"We innocent.
't.
Obama made sure to praise the intelligence community overall, noting that accomplishments only their failures become public.
"doesn't always see your or the," Obama said.
"It can be frustrating sometimes,.
I know what. "
But Delaney,, to push for reforms that make more effective finding American hostages abroad.
Called on the government to streamline agencies and the help find hostages --.
's the.
"every single American wants held, said.
"tremendous support."
On Friday, said in a statement that the family has "been moved by the outpouring of support from around the world."
"the condolences we have received from those who we" the statement said.
"Our prayers are with the families of the world."
CNN's reported from Islamabad, Pakistan; Jeremy Diamond reported; reported.
(CNN) A mysterious affliction has killed 18 people in southwestern Nigeria, leaving health officials scrambling to determine its cause.
The cases have occurred in Ondo state health officials said Sunday.
Adeyanju, commissioner for health, said 18 people people are being treated.
Those affected are between the ages of 25 and 60.
The disease does not appear to be contagious, he said.
Symptoms include headaches and unconsciousness said.
Some suspect it may be the result.
The,, reported at least 13 and that there were 18 total.
Numbers were reported by Adeyanju released.
Investigators sent samples of blood and fluid to university in the city,, the WHO said.
(CNN) A man in a wide-brimmed hat uniform machetes his way through jungle foliage.
As thick of vine blade, he pushes a clearing staggers back.
The mouth of a primordial stone gapes toward him.
Before him rise the ruins of portal rock but with grandeur not yet lost -- of what archaeologists call a gate. "
To Mayan city, mysteriously abandoned centuries stands him.
The city.
Now has,, the age of explorers discovering new worlds seems a quaint memory.
But there are still exploring corners of the globe, and some find astonishing things.
Such, part Indiana Jones, part, is Slovenian archaeologist Šprajc.
Šprajc has spent years beneath sun excavations, way.
He has been the first to see,, he spotted Baroque cobbled some 10,000 kilometers away.
The thrill of discovery, doesn't get any better than encounter portal.
To?
"It's," says, "especially when the efforts are long.
On several occasions we've three weeks just through to get to location, knowing.
When we feels like we've done it.
If it had been easy, people would have done it. "
He and his team have discovered more than 80 ancient Mayan cities in Mexico, the had known.
But how can, once home, vanish?
Šprajc explains the region it's: "
A natural area that has never been densely populated since the collapse of Classical. "
When allowed to rampant for centuries, it can indeed swallow entire cities.
Why settlements were abandoned long before the arrival of Spanish conquistadors, remains a mystery sites an answer.
Percent of settlements and lowlands of the peninsula were abandoned in 200 years.
AD everything was abandoned.
When the Spaniards came.
Northern section and Guatemala highlands rupture. "
What happened in that enormous area led to mass evacuation?
"Nobody knows, but a combination of,, have consequences: devastating Mayan states resembled constantly battling ancient Greek city-states.
"this Late period with consequences city-state was, it had.
A Mayan. "
More would require extensive surveys of each site, which is a fieldwork than Šprajc likes.
His team will map the of, there simply isn't time or manpower to map it all, are left for others and excavate.
Hunt is what drives the finds.
Not the least about, to research teams dive the sites he has to excavate, catalogue what he finds.
"mapping] is not our job.
We are an unknown area. "
A to the explorers -- the world becomes smaller and science out.
But in science can only get so far.
Intrepid,, sweat, blood and patience are more important than gadgetry.
As likes to say, "We can survive, machetes."
Noah is a professor of art and best-selling author.
(CNN) expects North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to visit Moscow for World War II anniversary celebrations.
North Korean representatives have confirmed Kim will the May 9 celebrations, Russian presidential aide Yuri Ushakov said.
Kim's official foreign trip leadership.
Kim will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin as part of the visit,.
's trip has been Russian state media reported an invitation.
Last Russian official speaking on condition of anonymity told CNN.
Wednesday is public named official.
This year's Victory Day marks the 70th anniversary of the Soviet Union's victory in World War II.
Russia said world leaders.
(CNN) A man stands land.
Waves lap his ankles.
He arms, head held high.
He is; not a tourist but a freedom fighter.
A photograph man world becomes sweet.
It is 2015.
The man is Peter Greste.
Have Anzac the Gallipoli persuasion.
To lead water in the centenary of, is saturation with battlefield remembrance.
The of,, political grandstanding and marketing the historical legacy of war boils down to a simple equation: () distant beach equals sacrifice.
Commemoration that honors the dead.
I Gallipoli in part the proceeds go to national project to restore's memorials.
The fact that war remembrance is it is.
To widen the scope of historical tribute and the words and deeds of Australian men and the of militaristic sentiment is.
But the unassailable fact is that the first world war ripped Australia asunder.
The Great War was divisive, historical reality's coverage of the Anzac ".
Australia's participation in the war was contested from the outset.
On August 11, 1914, veteran campaigner Vida Goldstein wrote in her Woman Voter: "effort."
Earlier in of female suffrage rallied her of with words.
The time has come for women to show that,. "
Australian women had debate:.
Of political units in the Empire, "Goldstein argued," and to lead dealing. "
Goldstein's early entreaties failed with the populace.
Under the legislated War,, leading Goldstein Women's Peace to fight on multiple fronts "Civil Liberty and against."
Nation, opposed to "war" joined the movement.
Australia military service among the Allied forces less than 40% of men signed up for. "
As realities fell activism became more widespread.
General strikes industry shortages and rising poverty threatened the Man's Paradise. "
In 1916, Hughes pushed through Unlawful.
To war, International Workers were were jailed for "".
Miners went on strike, the War Precautions Act was invoked to.
In September 1916, the were arrested and tried.
"15" was how prisoners described crime and punishment.
The conscription referendums of 1916,,, became a rallying point for people who opposed the war or the government's domestic policies.
For that opposition, including the sentiments of Australians.
In Melbourne, the meeting place for such debate was Yarra Bank land Birrarung Marr.
Anti-conscription demonstrations saw up to 100,000 people gather on the dusty banks of River.
Protest meetings, one became infamously violent.
", a demonstration referendum returned servicemen female.
Conscription ultimately failed.
Australian Dictionary of Biography contains 174 many of whom went to jail, including's compatriots Adela Pankhurst Baines.
Was imprisoned for refusing to pay the fine she was issued at Yarra Bank in 1918.
Reputedly the first to go on a hunger strike.
Protesters.
As historian Janet Butler reminds us a. "
The enduring legacies of the battlefields only "" families of Australia's political century.
We also forget we hold dear of soil courageous women and men who, but.
Anniversary, celebrate liberation narratives,, with freedom.
Copyright.
(CNN) Giovanni Lo put himself in harm's way to help, heading to Pakistan to work on reconstruction project there.
And his life as he knew it came to a halt on January 19, 2012.
That's when,, four armed men burst into the building where Lo Porto lived and abducted him.
Lo Porto was dead killed a U.S. drone strike, according to authorities.
City died along with a al Qaeda.
That operation in border region of Pakistan killed one, Ahmed, a U.S. citizen.
Family members, Giancarlo.
Lo Porto grew up in Sicily University, getting his undergraduate degree there in Peace, according to the school.
A professor remembers him as "passionate, friendly (and) open-minded," according to report.
The university, in a statement, described him as a popular student who was helping others. "
"We are tremendously proud of the humanitarian work he did," the said.
At the, the aid 53-year-old group dedicated to poverty worldwide.
Such work to places where need is most -- places like Multan in Pakistan.
That community was in Pakistan devastated by major flooding in 2010, which covered about one-fifth of the country and left more than 1,500 people dead.
South Asian, one year later of a quarter.
"He told me, 'I'm pleased to have, the people and food in this part of the world,'" said the London University professor.
, Lo Porto was a manager, working with fellow international staffers, according to Simone Pott, group.
Pott described Lo Porto as a, man who made friends all over the world.
Those friends pressed for Lo Porto after he was taken captive, government story ANSA reported.
Story said that (he was held) denied abducting Porto, as did.
A German was freed, and his colleague separated, according to ANSA.
Porto never got to freedom again, his.
Italian Foreign Minister Paolo Gentiloni said his country "effort to."
"Unfortunately, (we) the tragic fatal of American which," Gentiloni said.
"responsibility of his death and that... of the terrorists."
After Lo Porto's death, "life."
's death left his former Welthungerlife, Pott said.
Family members mother reports became after her.
"Her was" a neighbor said.
) Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will get two extra weeks to form a government, Israel's President said.
Netanyahu made at President Reuven Rivlin's home Monday.
"We have made progress and are on the way to forming a government," Netanyahu told Rivlin, according to a statement.
Require additional time for government issues Israel.
Netanyahu his days, according.
"success Prime Minister, according to a statement.
People of Israel hope that will established government the confidence of the Knesset and the with.
Coming will stable Israel. "
Netanyahu's Likud Party snared 30 of 120 seats in the Knesset,, its forming government.
(CNN) She predicted events in the Middle East well before.
Her book for leaders the country.
Veteran journalist and author died Sunday, her son,, said.
She was 77.
Her career began in anonymity.
She was an undercover reporter working for U.S. newspapers,, in a Riyadh hospital.
For years she hid her writing from authorities and stories prohibition on.
Her work appeared Collins.
As chronicled's distinctive voice began to emerge.
Over the years, a stream of books followed.
"The Saudis: Inside the Desert" offered "a rare first-hand glimpse into social and public life," The New York Times wrote.
Book "" helped understanding Americans.
Mackey wrote for the,'s language her history teacher.
"Scholars may be put off by Mackey's,, but her is a and a balanced effort to Arab Americans,".
After earning a history degree from the University of Central the to study.
She admitted to the program.
Her book on Iran was able to travel the country, allowing her to paint an intimate portrait of a country going through extraordinary change.
Book "The Reckoning" portended war in Iraq drew.
"If war prevails, we shall beget a Persian Gulf," Mackey wrote in the book.
Into the resentments of of Iraqis and the challenge of an intensely tribal society at the core of American interests in the Persian Gulf.
Fouad Ajami, the late Hoover Institute fellow who was also a frequent guest, took issue with the book.
"The Baghdad that greeted their music yet Mackey the countless things her way" wrote The Times' Review 2002.
Had an Oklahoma twang kind that she was proud of,.
To put people at ease.
Was a frequent commentator on CNN during the Gulf War in the 1990s.
She also appeared on countless "Politically Incorrect" to explain in layman's terms what was happening in the region.
Book on Iraq was the U.S.-led invasion of the country in 2003.
The book forewarned of the consequences.
"In a perfect world, followed by a company, would walk the post-Hussein united by suffering," Mackey wrote.
"those the nations are acutely aware the world is not."
Those calling for an invasion "cannot ignore the threats to American security that could come with Hussein's demise."
"American of United States
"...
Thus military forces rotate in and out,, hostility increases.
Strategy retreat "
2004 the Mackey to Iraq to teach the Army while the war.
Her book on became officers.
"I am a little lady in," joke her to gain sources.
(CNN) Saturday's earthquake in Nepal was the "big one" experts were waiting for on.
Earthquakes are a fact of life in the country, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year, geologist and science journalist Kate Ravilious said.
With major concern the earthquake would hit, said Ravilious of the 2014 "Kathmandu earthquake."
In a landlocked country like Nepal, where infrastructure is fragile to begin with, such an earthquake had the potential to be "more serious," told CNN.
Those were a magnitude-7.8 earthquake centered less than 50 miles from Nepal,, leaving more 1,400 dead.
This while not unusual for that region of the world as Tibet to an area of major collision said geological engineer Sitar with the University of California's Department of Civil Engineering.
What's different is the size and density of Kathmandu, which suffered the brunt in earthquakes.
"population exploded" Geological Survey told CNN
"When you get the kind of infrastructure that isn't equipped to handle shaking of an earthquake this size, that's the scale we're seeing now."
The big unknown is what happens next, the quake have said.
How will emergency teams enter the landlocked country,?
How will carrying move the country if roads are destroyed?
If and when landslides start, how will villages in the Himalayan range fare?
It all resolved before monsoon starts
"The worry now is to get Nepal up and running on," Ravilious said.
"in months could make things worse if we don't sort things out."
An earthquake is the shaking caused by a sudden slip on a fault, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
Earth's outer layer sides of the fault together, releasing energy waves that travel through the crust and cause an earthquake.
Nepal is a major plate boundary between India and Eurasia, where collisions have been about 50 million years.
Those collisions are of the Himalayas, which has some of the world, said's Active Tectonics.
Moving northward 45, with earthquakes of occurring Himalaya every 500 to 1,000 years, said Clark,.
Affect Himalayas in was badly damaged in an earthquake that occurred east of Saturday's quake.
A major concern for this earthquake is damage from landslides generated by the shaking said.
The entire area experienced shaking,.
Clark compared to the 2008 earthquake in Sichuan Province, China.
The earthquake generated more landslides, which blocked roads,.
The landslides also blocked river valleys, which created flood hazard.
The FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States, law enforcement officials said Saturday.
The investigation from believe be in the works, the officials said.
No arrests have been made.
It's not clear whether the threat is real.
The exact nature of the threat learned.
Parts of California stepped up security, a U.S. official said.
The Transportation Security Administration alerted local law enforcement agencies that are around airports said the threat.
Cities around the United States have security as a precaution.
A Homeland Security spokesperson Saturday about security measures in general.
"Over the last few months, we have made security adjustments, including enhanced screening at searches of passengers., reflecting an evolving threat," the spokesman said.
He said DHS Electronic System for Travel Authorization.
ETSA online system to screen they to board the United States.
More law enforcement presence was put in place at federal facilities, he said.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) Her second on was with of colors.
Sabeen surrounded herself with books, people rights.
Others to street, and talking politics was not supposed to get her.
But in Pakistan's exuberant made her out.
Two gunman shot her at point-blank range late after Floor Karachi night, police said.
Mahmud died from five bullet wounds.
The gunmen also shot her mother.
She released on funeral.
Broke non-violence and progressive values.
She what she a people doing spoke for more than just herself.
She had become a figurehead for,.
"She took into and so many people followed.
She was the, said friend BBC.
No one has claimed responsibility for her shooting, and police have not.
But Mahmud a group many want silenced when shots.
Where separatists have people have been disappearing regularly.
There have been allegations of mass abduction.
The Lahore Management to discussion the, Mama Qadeer but shut it down.
Mahmud on.
"Despite of opinion, little seems to be the mainstream media;" on Facebook
What is the reality?
Has the media been silenced on Balochistan?
What for us to talk about's province our? "
She invited the discussion, also known by the shorthand.
She said dangerous, she had received death.
"the,, was a brave God".
Its secluded, humble location, was those seeking secular wisdom.
It in, musingly decorated town college bookstore.
Outside sprayed with critical graffiti hearts across walls.
Mahmud waited to greet visitors,, with a hug, a mug and encouragement for Pakistan's future.
"She hoped we all hoped for, that is with liberty for all," Zafar said.
Grief over gratefulness for poured on social media and.
"Thanks for giving us the room to breathe when fog pressed on our shoulders.
A few hours,, gasping for air, illustrators Karachi wrote.
Artist drew Mahmud off Vespa scooter blouse.
Short hair and angular glasses features.
A head scarf.
On in Marilyn Monroe from "Seven Year Itch," her dress replaced a traditional of mustard,.
Her hips,, a satirical image.
(CNN) You'll see in.
On Thursday's ", the character Dempsey died.
He wasn't shot down over a helicopter fall on his head.
Instead, he died following a car crash -- after helping of accident.
"Derek will always be an incredibly important Meredith () and," creator said, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
"imagined goodbye to 'McDreamy.'
Patrick's performance in a sad,, painful and of young women.
His loss will be felt. "
, Has a year left on
's leaves his TV wife, Meredith Grey (), the show concludes its 11th season in May.
"It's been a remarkable ride".
"has been extraordinary.
It is incredible how passionate the fans are, by. "
"Grey's" in.
People magazine ran an obituary.
McDreamyForever was a trending hashtag on Twitter.
From "" official were filled with emoji of faces and broken hearts, as well as tearful.
Good times,, a big betrayal.
But the show -- not only a the over also through.
This season, said was to stand on her own.
Her husband -- who was devoting his life concerns as a presidential aide -- she'll truly do.
"Grey's Anatomy," though not was in, the ratings.
For,, 20th overall and 12th the desirable demographic.
, Who also races cars, isn't going anywhere.
) We want our killers to be kind.
To court and show remorse, tell that they are people who did it because they feared for their lives, or they were insane.
Things, too legitimate excuses for murder.
Aaron Hernandez, the former New England Patriots tight end,.
He walked into court with an air of bravado,, superstar couple.
Several times he was winking at,,.
And didn't swagger.
Hernandez didn't alibi.
He remorseful.
He never.
His own attorney, James Sultan, admitted that "" "committed he knew," but said his client did not commit the crime.
Guilty Wednesday, -- those covering audacity seemed's.
""
I don't.
Does it matter arrogant in, or walked with or even at his?
Or not, that is.
The evidence matters.
, It appears the jury carefully considered the circumstantial and came to the decision: guilty of first-degree murder in the 2013 slaying of Odin Lloyd
Sentenced to life without parole.
He was guilty.
It was the right decision.
's hard to over such a life for Hernandez friends.
Hernandez died suddenly a 2006.
Hernandez was.
His life got complicated.
At 17, Hernandez went to the University of Florida for greatness.
There he won the the nation's best tight end and led the team Championship.
But off the field, his life was.
Trouble started fights, reports of marijuana use and drug tests.
He was even questioned at a Gainesville.
Patriots Hernandez had.
The Patriots how they handled.
They did right this time.
Hours after Hernandez was charged with murder, he was let go from the team.
To convince their star tight end was,, many times in the past its players got in trouble.
This justice worked.
There's no reason to second-guess what went wrong could a NFLer be a murderer? "
The NFL for the most part does a great job vetting its players, and certainly Hernandez is an anomaly,, of upstanding, law-abiding citizens.
And (me included) try to find troubled.
No one really knows what lurks in the hearts of closest.
Schoolyard killing sprees gun down innocent certainly concerned performance.
No way Hernandez would end up.
All, he went wrong.
To I miss you
...
I don't need more.'
Gave you the impression kinda no big deal
...
It is.'
Istanbul, Turkey (CNN), Fadime Gurgen dismisses Armenians of her.
Gurgen,, says her family has had Armenians going back generations.
"" she says.
Create hostility. "
Most Turks agree with.
Turks believe the -- according to Armenians, the final years of the Ottoman Empire were genocide, according to a recent poll.
It's a sentiment shared by the Turkish government,, maintaining that hundreds of thousands Armenian died in World War I.
Turkey disputes Armenia's count of the killed, putting it at 300,000.
Heavily -- the killings are widely viewed by scholars as genocide and the Armenian government are lobbying for wider recognition in the international community.
Armenian in Turkey's Ottoman rulers "" in the years of World War I condemn genocide.
Many Armenians in Turkey still feel.
Many Turkey's younger generation is more willing to accept that a genocide occurred than their parents.
", much more," says Diana Van the killings.
Writing on at Ankara University.
"to alternative information is taught Turkey.
Access to Turkey to history "
Her Armenian ancestors in Turkey, says she is frustrated that Turkey is unwilling to accept.
"is denied by Turkey," she says.
They do not.
The Armenian is a curse.
Whenever you want to hurt somebody, say 'an Armenian.' "
Van says an genocide would largely.
While she has villages and recognizes that trying to reclaim it would be impossible.
She says of the territorial claims by many Armenians.
One hundred years.
My ancestors' land those lands of Kurdish people have family, I it's not Anatolia.
It's not my homeland that I in my imagination. "
A growing number of world leaders believe genocide.
Germany looks set to join Austria and other countries in a genocide. "
Two weeks ago the Pope referred to mass killings as "the first genocide of the 20th century" Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan called the claim.
Some notable countries recognize the killings as genocide, the President Barack Obama Turkey amid the Middle East use the word genocide.
Several Turkey.
Turks people the term "genocide" with -- not the beloved founders of Turkey.
The government expressed condolences to Armenians that hundreds of thousands of they were marched out of cities in Eastern Anatolia in the waning years of the Ottoman Empire.
But the government called it a "necessary deportation" World War I -- when many Armenian to side.
Turkey says there was never a effort to exterminate the population
", the population during World War II," says Kasim of Baysal.
Kasim drive more campaign being by.
Politics and timing is another issue.
At a time when Erdogan is elections, the days of the Ottoman Empire.
It to label the country's founders as murderers.
That wouldn't play well with Turks, many of whom have gone through schooling that instilled a fierce pride in their past.
In often the history of U.S. Turkish have long taken to the "Young Turks."
The movement, the officers who were in power as the country transitioned from the hands of sultans to Mustafa Kemal Atatürk -- the much-adored leader who came to power in 1923 and is credited with founding the state.
The use of genocide when Orhan Pamuk and Safak.
And Safak were met with crushing resistance.
Insulting Turkishness "
Turkish have been using the term genocide.
The genocide would undermine the very narratives hold dear, says Center who relations.
She says the country simply isn't ready to dismantle the foundation of its founders.
"Turkey is still young and insecure to history and the events unfolding at,".
A statement issued to President Erdogan urged saying "two peoples ago shared the destiny responsibility,, heal and re-establish ties once again.
Turkey will remain indifferent to this responsibility. "
But that official recognition of genocide could unleash a flood of lawsuits against the Turkish government.
In 2006, descendants of Armenians filed in U.S. banks for assets evidence that.
One 97-year-old Armenian woman claims deeds.
Her case is winding its way through the Turkish court, but her lawyer,, says the genocide has no effect: "We have, are politics matter."
Others say country issues between Turkey and Armenia, the two.
Gorgulu expert at, think is Armenia suffers most from the tensions surrounding the issue.
He says Armenia's interest to genocide he doesn't.
"diplomatic countries and Turks think that,".
"would be Turkey relations and."
The the anniversary on Friday has prompted debate amongst Turks of all ages.
On Sunday there will be a University the -- one of few in Turkey that openly uses genocide.
Nisan Gul, a art student with pink lipstick, is one of the few Turks who believes her.
"They keep referring to this as an 'Armenian incident' and call it genocide," she to at University.
) It wasn't until her 20s that Cetin discovered her Armenian ancestry.
, 90 years old at the time her real name was Heranus.
Many survivors kept hidden.
Many feared a repeat of barely.
Before a memorial in Istanbul this week, greet Fethiye Cetin.
In her 60s a prominent lawyer who represented Armenian-Turkish journalist Dink.
Was a strong proponent of reconciliation between Turks and was tried. "
He was 2007.
The shocking discovery of her would change's life.
Heranus story in an evocative memoir titled "."
And her family were among a massive stream of women and children marched not knowing where they were going or why from their male relatives.
The teenage killed.
Was at the time.
Her and her brother and wanted to take them away.
Protested but was others are dying one by one.
No one will.
Give, saved. "
Heranus and her brother were onto's horse and other children and fed the warm meal they had had.
But soon reality set in and Heranus mother.
Separated from her brother adopted wife,.
And she was raised.
So she and grandchildren.
Was when her secret and painful memories.
It that to be real.
The deportations were not taught in Turkey's schools
"silence
"It were silent was all."
Cetin felt rebellion inside her.
"go on the streets and scream that they are lying to us," ", shout out loud."
Armenia and the Armenian diaspora have been demanding that the genocide the world.
Armenian Sargysan said paved and genocides in Darfur. "
The 1915 massacres,, concentration camps, and the Syrian desert.
The Republic of Turkey has rejected the term "genocide."
, Committee of Progress believed Armenian nationalists to be collaborating with the war with the Ottoman Empire.
To prevent alliance and violence, a policy of "relocation" move Armenian populations in or near war provinces.
Turkey that, and internal conflicts led to the death of millions, including Armenian.
's the dialogue in Turkey began.
"started the silence".
For this country. "
Turkish leaders have recently taken a more reconciliatory tone.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan offered condolences to the the Armenians who lost their lives.
Called for a historical commission "".
'"genocide" resolution last week angered Turkish leaders.
Foreign Affairs called "" it "anti-Turkish."
Erdogan Turkey "
Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu repeated the call for historical inquiry "" for a "peaceful future."
He asked that parties such as "."
A, says the anniversary excites her,, Turkey's Armenians.
If to acknowledge genocide, it would process, she says.
"if not face genocide, does not matter.
Society to face it more. "
Still Cetin remains hopeful that Turkey history and people.
As an Armenian has helped their roots and for long lost answers.
For years, when I'd tell new friends I was half-Armenian, a puzzled look would cross their faces, before they'd ask, "Do you?"
Or, there was a recognition you're people last names in 'ian'! "
In fact, our Armenians,, Oscar-winning portrayals had dropped.
The people, too, was a footnote -- we were lucky -- in tomes about when more than one million Armenians were killed during the last days of the Ottoman Empire.
Though,, deny ethnic cleansing, the Armenians had hatched the road to their deaths.
Adolf Hitler brushed aside,, in September 1939: "Who, after all, speaks today of the annihilation?"
According to the former of Associated Press,.
Apparently Kardashian.
As Kim Kardashian, Khloe and cousins toured Armenia which "."
Suddenly, the country of Armenia.
Standing in front of the of "Mother Armenia," Kim label herself, and adoring crowds.
Of,, and at Armenian Genocide complex, new issue people usually pay tribute to their dead relatives every funereal black.
The Kardashian trip to Armenia, mother Anahid called breathless: "
The genocide is over!
Kim, "
My own father,, had narrowly survived the killings.
He told an entire caravan was killed in eastern Syria, his ring desert days to two.
When the Kardashians first rose to fame, Armenians cringed over to basketball players and rappers,, and a clothing line at Sears.
Though people began to learn Armenians Armenian as the Kardashian.
"Keeping Up with the Kardashian" was a source of discomfort for the community.
A, tweet about the issue -- and the community began to warm.
Meanwhile continued to brainstorm about how to convince the truth about what happened, and President Barack Obama "" as promised campaigning.
We every time a rumor was going to take one of our stories to the big screen, us "" hoped.
We when it wouldn't.
Every April, the day in Ottoman Turks began rounding up community leaders, we.
And we do so this year, holding vigils,, waving the Armenian flag though many of us ourselves.
We also press the front, the latest around the world, exulting in the discovery yet that would surely make, that would's steadfast on the United States acknowledge.
And still,, reports yet more, as years on anniversary.
Despite all the setbacks, Armenians will continue to speak out and hopefully find some hallowed ground,.
An come from the most surprising places.
It took a reality star, famous for to catapult the news once on December "Million Armenians Killed in," across the media.
After a century of trying to raise awareness a persona us -- especially one on platform to shed light on back communication, and photographic be out in rather than blasted with a tweet.
Good, hopefully be memes.
(, glamorous spacious the super-rich go house-hunting are searching for.
Real estate in London's swankier suburbs eye.
, Kensington and Chelsea been the ground of the elite are now a new wave of African investors.
"The Africans now are themselves have worked for," explains based.
"They have of the exciting African renaissance," she continues.
Bringing to London the continent. "
Investors are having on London's property market and mainly come from just six countries: Nigeria, Senegal.
Nigerians are the most cash when it comes to in the British capital spending between $22 million, according to luxury property agents Beauchamp Estates.
Their research the past three Africans spent on luxury.
"The new international is very well-traveled,".
Educated in the UK and parts of is modern and clean. "
A home or around the corner Palace.
These buildings which are expected to gain even bigger value in the coming years.
That see London as, ranks as the second most important hub for ultra.
Only spot more on York City.
London buyers look the penthouse in million.
As intelligent many of the African houses long standing ties with London it's school.
,, Cheltenham College are among the list of institutions wealthy Africans.
Nigerian calculates Nigerian fees, tutoring and schools.
"West clients are very much driven by the need to educate their children," says.
Education international stage is feeding the demand in London. "
, Experts Monitor say there were over studying in universities in 2012 -- than 10 academic session.
Experts are expecting this trend to continue.
"all use, rental investment African buyer market in London has significant room for growth," says, at Beauchamp Estates
"buyers or luxury tenants in London are currently where Russians.
They have the resources and or luxury in Central, he adds.
"African century
(CNN) When Bruce Jenner told the world on Friday night "for all intents and purposes, I'm a woman," the declaration.
Stalking the former Olympic champion his feminine appearance to his lip,.
The media reaction?
A a shrug and not much else.
Except the at Jenner Republican.
Of course, Jenner's family moment the TV mavens --.
"So very proud, hero," tweeted daughter Kendall Jenner.
Daughter Kylie Jenner expressed mixed emotions.
"this has been for me.
I I'm...
I'm so proud of you.
Brave.
Beautiful Hero, she said on Twitter.
Kris Jenner was equally supportive.
"Not only husband father of my children, I am now able to call," she said.
, Kardashian also joined the family chorus.
Love.
Bruce love.
I love you Bruce
ProudDaughter Kim tweeted.
Just finished watching #
'm soooo proud!
Dads really are heros ❤, "said on Twitter
Be a proud daughter.
With bravery,.
Honored by's, Kourtney said.
The entertainment industry.
Lady Gaga has supported lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender issues.
"We this moment in history" she tweeted.
"Let's empower Bruce all over the world by loving 💗" Transgender actress Laverne Cox of "Orange is the New Black" gave a shout out.
"of love to and".
"brave.
Congrats. "
The Jenner interview was a key moment for GLAAD and the Center for Transgender Equality,.
"Today, millions of people that know transgender" tweeted.
"Welcome BruceJenner," Trans Equality tweeted
Thank you for your bravery.
As, hardly unanimous post.
Still, there were detractors.
Used verse for his stance.
"Logic is Gay but," said on Twitter
By the cherrypick. "
Wasn't sure what to make of Jenner's announcement.
"Bruce Jenner becoming,".
Social media event a good.
Many folks seemed to be more intrigued by Jenner's announcement that he's Republican.
"I accept that Bruce Jenner is a Republican and even if,".
"I'll accept's live much leftists will accept his,".
And this final from.
(CNN) Fifty years ago, in what remains the most famous Holocaust trial staged in.
, Fritz Bauer, the Hessen, expressed the simple hope that "accused would step forward and say '-- horrific sorry.'
The world would, would Auschwitz be. "
, Bauer be. "
The perpetrators of the most disappointing of Holocaust trials.
, Munich court in 2011 established precedent that has made the trial remained defiantly silent of remorse.
Over the years, some defendants have acknowledged knowing of the exterminations, but have insisted that they played no role.
Those who acknowledged the killing insisted that they did so out of fear of.
Over the years, an extraordinary effort was dedicated to exploring the claim that SS men had engaged in extermination out of duress.
And failed to a single out.
Not.
And lies were often effective as trials of Holocaust ended either in sentences or outright acquittal.
Trial ended in conviction, what was missing was reckoning, an acknowledgment on the of genocide.
Fritz.
On April 21, on the opening day of his trial in Lüneburg where of the Jews during Auschwitz, the Gröning faced the court and acknowledged, "is morally complicit.
This moral guilt before the victims and humility. "
From the trial, that statement alone justifies the undertaking.
In acknowledging his complicity, Gröning fell short of confessing legal guilt.
Indeed, he insisted as a matter of Spiegel that "."
, Gröning was responsible for inspecting the luggage of the camp -- most of whom were gassed within that would.
Performing, that he engaged in cruel acts -- a claim we can accept.
But does of criminal liability?
For decades held a concentration in a personal killing -- under law.
The Demjanjuk conviction changed that.
An accessory to the murder of 28,000 Jews at Munich concluded that death,, to murder, was their job.
Crucial, mass killing is not act of evil but process.
Genocide guilt;.
Convicting that the accomplishment of the court.
By this standard, Gröning was "" constitutes guilt.
This does not mean that Gröning deserves the punishment SS.
, It's clear that he deserves punishment besides the symbolic gesture of conviction.
Court's conviction, Gröning's important guilt will.
The significance of Gröning's final.
It coincides with the anniversary of the end of World War II.
It also coincides with an anniversary.
The day millions mourn the killing of hundreds of thousands of Armenians by the Ottomans during World War I have described as genocide.
Yet itself remains in denial of the mass killings that.
(CNN) Living under ISIS.
Selling Girl.
And giving lip like Kylie.
These are the of.
In the West, ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions.
The group is governing authority, picking up and directing.
CNN's explains how ISIS functions.
Is at the top of this story.
It's an annual tradition: Girl Scouts sell cookies and,, we buy them.
Best to raise money?
CNN's Richard Roth about a sweet tradition that's leaving bitter taste.
Watch video: The marijuana has long been a source of controversy shows, it's a source of humor.
CNN's France has a look at the herb.
Watch: Many scientists believe 2 degrees Celsius could be the tipping point for climate change.
CNN's John D. takes.
Watch the video: Back in the '50s, "The Blob" was.
Today,, "blobs" of warm water in the Pacific Ocean may be having an impact on storms and marine life.
CNN's Jennifer Gray takes a look.
The: has a distinct resemblance to certain "Easy Being" Kermit.
Himself.
What?
Watch the video: In using to their Jenner's.The hasn't escaped.
Watch the video "" Robert Downey Jr. was distinctly dealing with questions of a interviewer.
And't only microphone.
The've heard of drones in the air.
Is working on drones --.
Watch the video: brought the question of when to use deadly force.
CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin looks at the laws for.
Watch the video: Michelle -- but doesn't in the eyes of youngster.
, 2015 questions addressed the force?
What impact might be?
What does it play in the?
We're also delivering showing how up.
Page today Transcript CNN Student News.
TRANSCRIPT to access the transcript of Student News.
Please note that there may be a delay between the time when and when the.
CNN Student News is created who consider the Common Core national areas and show.
CALL to be mentioned on the next CNN comment of this page with your school name,.
We will be selecting schools from the comments show.
You must be a a age 13 or older to request CNN Student News!
(CNN) Protests are gaining steam in Baltimore after suffered while in police custody.
Demonstrators have vowed they'll keep taking to the streets until they get justice.
To say they're looking for answers about what happened to Freddie Gray,.
Like the the controversial case growing.
Protesters Baltimore on Thursday and another march is planned for Saturday.
A look: Police saw police on 12 he started running.
Within minutes, and arrested after finding a knife in his pocket.
Protesters Gray family's attorney argues that police have to chased him for "."
Baltimore Police union attorney Michael Davey told reporters that officers had every right to chase.
"a case states police unprovoked he said.
"In, you do not need probable cause to arrest.
Suspicion. "
An autopsy says Gray died from a severe spinal cord injury.
His family says his box was crushed he slipped.
Police say they spotted Gray,, and requested a "wagon" to transport him in less than four minutes.
Transport left with Gray about police said, and another 30 minutes "Western the suspect area."
Protesters want to know exactly what happened in those minutes, it's clear in custody.
Investigators still haven't said what happened inside the van.
Officials from the Police inside the vehicle,.
Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts told WJZ that prisoner said he didn't see any harm done to Gray.
"he said he heard Freddie thrashing about,".
"The driver didn't drive erratically, wasn't on breaks, wasn't in an irrational way."
The officers involved have provided statements, the Police Department said.
"They have cooperated with the investigation from Day 1,".
But what the officers said haven't been released.
Have officers' photos.
Police say the law.
The lack of details after the incident is fueling cries from the public,.
Protesters say police should be releasing what they know.
Baltimore Police officials say they're being as transparent as they can about the case while their criminal investigation is ongoing.
They plan to hand over the investigation to the State Attorney's Office next week.
Officers charged with's.
Officials say an investigation is ongoing, and all the officers involved have been suspended.
At this point, it isn't clear whether any charges will be filed.
Justice Department is investigating the case.
The union said it's behind the protesters, officers knowing the case.
"time, criminal activity," said "
Gray's case is getting a lot of attention.
But protest organizers say it.
Some protesters say it's not the only time they've seen city.
Before they took to the streets to's, some city hall voicing concerns over cases.
"a lot of mistrust.
It, Baltimore City Council President said.
Not. "
According to the Baltimore Sun, the city paid for more than 100 cases involving.
Police didn't admit fault in any of the cases.
Police said in a statement that the reason for the: believe lawsuits are.
"Let us be clear, we completely disagree with these cases are settled without concern but rather high cost of defending a lawsuit.
We believe these cases should be decided in court, union said
", award has led perception increase in brutality complaints."
(CNN) One of the suspects has been arrested on terror-related charges in England.
A 14-year-old boy was taken into custody an and of "someone in Australia,", terrorism Prosecution Service said Thursday.
The teenager was taken into custody UK's devices and discovered communications between the teen and police said in a statement.
The teenager arrested in Blackburn ", statement said.
He was charged with two counts of terrorism on Friday.
In, an Australian law enforcement operation apprehended several terrorist actions, police said website.
ISIS-inspired terror () on Gallipoli "The first allegation is that 26 March 2015, the defendant incited another person to an in Australia killing or,".
The second 2015 incited another person to behead someone in Australia. "
Australian law enforcement officers arrested several people last weekend in Operation.
Tuesday, the Australian Federal Police charged Besim with,.
Authorities have not named the 14-year-old Britain was communicating.
(CNN) I've visited Nepal over the last decade and more than 100 serves, it is undoubtedly one of my favorites.
The usual things that are said which includes Everest and food.
Has also made some of the most progress on maternal and child health in the last few years.
In fact, I remember last May when I sat with mothers and they told me how proud they were they now understood.
They were children dreams they had.
The this morning news reports that Nepal had been hit by its worst earthquake since when more than 10,000 people were killed.
While casualty quake hardly been severely disrupted -- estimates we are hearing from the ground are already placing the number in the thousands, with the official toll at around expected to.
The fact that the epicenter of this was the capital of Kathmandu, where the citizens reside, makes the situation even more dire.
Many of these live have never lived outside the city.
As a result, it is unlikely shelter.
The newly homeless will be a tall order.
Is in Nepal, getting shelters quickly will be of the utmost importance.
Compounding this problem will be difficulty in ensuring access to water in Nepal one of the lowest in the world before the quake.
Getting food to a logistical nightmare,, badly damaged.
We have been in before, and know what to do.
But time is not on our side -- we have only a few short weeks before the rainy season will make an already difficult job impossible.
With that, we have set up a fund to help the emergency.
We and other organizations will be doing everything we can to get Nepal to wait for more people to will inevitably come and the like.
Only the oldest Nepalese will remember the earthquake, the toll for the country will be significant and as we and other agencies launch our response.
This tragedy will.
(CNN)
The first of female quintuplets born in Houston on April 8, about their experience.
Danielle five girls at the's 28 according to CNN.
Parents Danielle and Adam and big sister Blayke are now a family of eight.
The babies,, Marie Kate and Riley Paige.
"We are so thankful and blessed," said Danielle who had insemination to get pregnant.
I honestly give all my God.
I am so thankful for this wonderful team of people here.
They truly are amazing.
About their a Buzz World. "
Early news reports said the quintuplets born.
A alerted CNN girls born in Charles and Cecilia in San Antonio.
The girls died within 24 hours.
Like the Busby family, Sharon and Korey Rademacher were hoping for a second child.
When they found out what they were, they decided to keep it a secret from family and friends.
They didn't tell their family the gender of baby No.
2 -- that Sharon was expecting two girls, according to CNN affiliate WEAR.
West Florida Hospital in Pensacola, Florida, after they recorded everyone's reactions to Mary Brianna.
The video was uploaded to YouTube and has been viewed more than 700,000 times.
(CNN) It's a warm afternoon, and to Health exam.
Dr. Mark.
Strapping, is to the doctor today his he -- the appointment.
Is free his insurance policy with co-pay, preventive care under Affordable Care Act.
More Americans is taking medical: visiting an annual physical.
There's evidence that any.
To Vega and checks his pulse and lymph nodes.
Asks Vega about his exercise and schedule and orders blood and urine tests.
As long asks Vega to return year.
Vega says.
It was're not alone; 92 percent say it is an annual exam, according to ()
Those said they went every year for exam.
The evidence is on their side.
"that should the physical," says Dr. Ateev Mehrotra, a primary care physician and professor of health policy at Harvard Medical School.
Mehrotra says should go if to have an important preventive.
He realizes popular opinion is against.
"When I, as a doctor, say do the annual physical, I feel like and,".
Straightforward and]'s been part of medicine for a long time. "
But randomized trials going back to the 1980s just don't support it.
The Society for Medicine even put annual list.
One problem, Mehrotra says, is the cost.
Each visit usually costs insurers, but adds up fast.
"$10 billion, how much we".
A lot of money. "
The risk that a doctor will run a test find's.
It's and can lead can could cause harm.
Michael primary care a the Cleveland Clinic.
He generally avoids physicals.
"I generally don't like people and I don't give them diseases they don't have,".
Mostly, 'if you stay away from doctors.
If near, start to things because that's what doctors do.'
Don't keep it.
Don't minimize it.
's, he adds.
Rothberg says he has patients who schedule an annual exam.
For patients, skips the physical their dietary and exercise,, age-appropriate vaccinations and screening they may need.
Specifically at adults.
Fleming, president of the American College of Physicians, says it's important for patients a regular,, of?
Need a flu year.
A's definitely indicated.
Back in Miami, is also in research on physicals, but he still believes in them.
"I think having a look at somebody is worth its weight in gold," he says.
's an important patient, he says, found problems during an exam like the one Vega.
"What if Vega or right?"
Caruso asks.
If he had his shirt off Vega said, 'Oh spot my chest,' and it ended up being a discovered early? "
And Vega did end up needing help -- he has a bad back that landed him in the ER several times.
To link with specialist help.
Companies filed suit this week against the Food and Drug Administration alleging that the rights.
The FDA issued guidance that if changes are made to a product,, the new approval.
Even if previously approved.
The suit, filed in U.S. District Court in Washington, argues that those guidelines go too far and are too vague.
They violate the First Amendment free speech Tobacco Control Act, the claim.
The FDA's, the suit says,.
The.,, Felberbaum said not comment.
(CNN) On the 29th floor of Roppongi Tokyo offices,, two actors sit on a tatami and glare at each other.
It's of "," a new movie in Japan.
YouTube.
File sharing celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video "" was one of the site's founders.
A the site gets billions of views every day.
And most popular YouTube audiences many.
Striving to improve the quality of "Spaces," like the one in Tokyo, Tokyo independent filmmaker JR Lipartito have out of reach for productions.
"Having a like this, an independent filmmaker," says.
"It really breaks down barriers."
Macdonald YouTube Spaces for Asia
"YouTube is not only any.
It's a great content.
High quality content, Macdonald says.
One worldwide to YouTube, who create content ad revenue.
Find audiences,, just improve.
YouTube channel.
Most popular gamer PewDiePie has more than 36 million subscribers.
Videos exceeds programs.
YouTube has 300 hours of video uploads.
The website wants more of those videos to be.
Japanese TV company is partnering with YouTube to encourage more -- called Jidaigeki.
To attract YouTube's markets.
"They're sets.
High quality high quality high quality actors "Werley, one of the actors" The Crawler Dark. "
Werley and fellow actor Masa hope their work will appeal to more of YouTube's billion users.
"It's going to raise the bar".
Use the studio becoming aware about it. "
If a video goes viral, the rewards.
Thousands of the YouTube creators earn and.
(CNN) Have you found the inspiration you were seeking thought you were that problem-solving epiphany just nodded off?
According to John Kounios and Mark Beeman, there's a reason for that.
"The Eureka Factor", explores the influences behind that "
Moment.
To conjure up inspiration,.
How mental make way for revelations.
Dr. Kounios explained: "involve unusual connections.
Psychologists call these.
Hemisphere.
A subconscious remote association suddenly pops into awareness.
's lobe. "
"" The Eureka Factor "to help people understand insight works in the brain can use various having other," said.
"For example, there is evidence that imagining the future helps insightful.
However, specific anxious, insightfulness could decrease creativity. "
"That said, positive mood, expansive attention are a couple of key features of insightful," he added.
Tips creative potential --.
Spaciousness helps broaden thoughts.
Even high ceilings broaden attention.
Windowless low ceilings inspire and.
Outdoor colors such as blue to state
Colors suppress.
Dark lighting beneficial by obscuring help think abstractly.
Encourage thinking.
Be predictable.
Change everyday routines for or to work.
Rearrange your time to time and in your workplace.
Hold meetings in a variety of places.
Make sure to include some nonconformists in your inner circle.
Be thinkers, outlook help you attack a problem from a different angle.
The threat of a firm deadline will narrow your thinking and inhibit your insight.
Try and target dates and flexible schedule to establish helpful.
And meeting or deadlines,, be vague and mild.
A positive outlook will help mind.
To think happy joy.
Put a twist on's famous saying mind.
When you're on, take a break to or.
Expose yourself to a variety of people and places.
Listen to a movie, walk.
Play.
Insight triggers times.
We all know how important sleep is to our cognitive thinking.
The sleep-deprived is more likely to small -- an creativity.
Ample sleep helps hidden connections between ideas.
Is best when your powers of inhibition, because reduced focus your't when you're feeling.
If you're an early bird, try your night.
If you're a night owl, try the.
The single most important thing to remember is your.
A while mindset.
Try uninterrupted time relaxed,.
Turn off.
The clock.
Ideas and.
Tips from the book "The Factor" John Dr..
(stuff body in beauty isn't new.
Been changing our skulls, inking things we figured out how.
But now we have Twitter hashtags, so seem to sweep around the world a quick piercing joint.
And, many trends to Kardashian.
Lip.
By sucking on.
Like.
Seriously.
Hashtag # Don't, "What...
? "
Too.
In the you, dear trends.
So Used to be teach kiddos how like.
So old-school.
, Nets say shot glass suck the, like.
See for yourself.
The hashtag # KylieJennerChallenge has been trending on Twitter in recent days, with posters showing off disturbing results.
"Made ago say iv felt so," Twitter user posted Monday.
Plenty shared.
Many were people it.
Others.
Surgeon Dr. Dendy Engelman told Seventeen that the trend is dangerous.
"Not only can swelling result from, but is scarring disfigurement with,".
Has tweeted her of the lip-plumping trend she inspired.
A trend that predates Kardashians gave sideboob, the flash the side, shirt or anything else that a's.
Google things, sideboob has fallen off since peak, shot Kim.
How about?
Surely you've heard of "belfie"?
By Kardashian this -- butt involves posting self-photography posterior: The trend year with a butts have reached its peak with the belfie taking "perfect belfies."
Butt never, is the trend going, with belfie just this month by people Here's a fact for you: the number of women "" rose by a mountainous 86%, according to the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery.
Why?
Kim Kardashian of, say doctors.
Has been in vogue for years, () Minaj all-time to buttock said statement.
He.
Augmentation specialist. "
Back in the day, folks "" got haircut.
Now, they.
Well, some of them.
Made news this year with an interview with The said he to look like Kim Kardashian.
He told't want.
'd her butt.
"I like to get a bum big implants,".
Richard for all Time years, died Thursday night in New York City.
He was 71.
Corliss died, according to a tribute's website by Richard Zoglin, who called him the magazine's most quoted writer. "
Unlike critics, Corliss appreciated all kinds of movies -- from Ingmar Bergman to "Lord of the Rings."
All-time which he contained everything from "Pulp Fiction" to "Finding Nemo
"He savored it all: the good, the bad, the indifferent.
Except that he was indifferent, Zoglin wrote
"whether a movie worth seeing, Corliss had a stock, succinct reply: 'seeing.'
Was to puncture hype around big movies he found, including "Titanic" ("dead in the water") and --!
"he wrote," movie prove vulnerable. "
He also didn't care much for sentimental, uplifting movies that often become Oscars.
"There feel-good slick annoy me so deeply that successes or".
"call Built-In Hit Detector."
And reviewed more than 1,000, many Time cover stories and, including ": Screen Mothers You Love (You)," published last year.
Partnership with Turner Classic Movies, CNN,.)
Credit him with coining "drop-dead gorgeous" review of "."
And subtly, plot of "The Game" letters of of his review.
Born in Philadelphia, New York and writing film reviews for publications in 1980.
He served as editor of the Lincoln Center,, was a frequent guest on Charlie Rose's show
"It's painful to find words Richard was master of them, Nancy Gibbs wrote in a note to her.
"were his tools,, to the point that he had to write like the rest of us and sleep.
It's not clear that Richard ever and defies of professional life. "
Own.
(CNN) Another controversy has erupted from the press for Avengers: Age of Ultron. "
On an interview, co-stars Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner found themselves in hot water Wednesday over comments they made in a similar interview.
When asked about's the superheroes responded "" laughing, added.
On social media didn't take.
Thursday, both actors apologized.
A statement from Renner I am sorry that this joke.
Not meant to be serious in any way.
During an press tour.
Evans released a statement: "Yesterday we were asked Black and Captain America.
We very juvenile and angered fans.
I regret and apologize. "
Media his apology, but on mixed.
Actor who appeared opposite collaborator Clint Eastwood Orville "" sequel has died.
He was 79.
Lewis,, died Tuesday, Michael said.
Other details.
Lewis with Eastwood in "High Drifter" (1973).
He appeared actor,, "Cadillac" (1989) and "Garden" (1997).
Lewis scored a Golden Globe nomination for playing bartender Earl Tucker on the 1980s "Flo", had "Falcon" and "."
Hollywood Reporter: "" near portrayed real-life Prohibition-era gangster in "Dillinger" "Catch Me If You Can" (1989), ().
: Acclaimed satirist dies The actor as a gravedigger in the 1979 CBS miniseries "Salem,".
Lewis had appeared on such 1970s TV shows as "Bronson," "Bonanza" and "The Game" before "Co." (
Later, he showed up on such series as "Squad," "The Waltons," "Police," ",."
X-Files.
Co-founder of spoken-word performance,.
We lost © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter.
(CNN)'s "Daredevil" premiered its first season on Netflix, will be coming in 2016.
The Matt Murdock a child, by day.
The, superhero the Hell's Kitchen.
's rave reviews.
"Daredevil says review.
Netflix's' Daredevil has the?
A Marvel and Studios production, the show also stars Rosario Dawson, Vincent D'Onofrio and.
"Daredevil" series Netflix.
(The Hollywood Reporter) has closed a deal to join the cast of "Suicide Squad," Warner Bros. 'action movie DC.
Ayer is directing which actors Jared Leto, Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn.
Also in are Joel Kinnaman,, Viola David,,, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje and Scott Eastwood.
There Jesse Ben Affleck as Batman in "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice" rumored to appear universe.
Suicide Squad '' with The recruited.
Details for's role have not been revealed.
Warners had no comment on the deal.
Movie production.
Is with Liam Neeson "" and was part of rights. "
For the latter he won an Oscar for Legend.
He is due to shoot's "" Gerard Butler in July.
Film?
He repped.
Warner Entertainment, CNN.
©.
(The Hollywood Reporter) "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" is getting the small-screen treatment.
Fox is developing a remake of the 1975 cult classic to be directed, executive-produced and choreographed by Kenneth Ortega ("High School Musical").
The tentatively titled "The Show,".
The special will be filmed air live, but few details beyond that are known.
In addition to Berman film are attached.
The special will be produced by Fox 21 and Berman Jackal Group.
The film, which has theaters.
TV premiere The complete This isn't the first stab at adapting. "
In 2002, Fox unveiled plans for an the.
The of pilot season Fox's the for a Season 2 episode and "".
There is no plan yet for when the adaptation will air.
Fox a live production of "" Hough and air Jan. 31.
TV scorecard Following in the footsteps of "The Sound of Music" and "Peter Pan," a year.
Ortega's credits include "Gilmore Girls," "This Is It" and "Hocus Pocus."
Is repped and.
©.
CNN) 102-year-old Alice Barker back in time.
Barker was a dancer in such New York as the Cotton Club in the, that entertained alongside notables "" Frank Sinatra.
Motion pictures of, she had never seen any.
Her had all the.
So she had never seen actually dancing -- until now.
Of jazz-on-film.com put together a video of "" -- and showed to at the nursing home where she lives.
The dancer was delighted.
(CNN) "" a little more on.
Creator Chase went through the final scene for Quarterly and revealed the.
What didn't series protagonist Tony.
's details a master tension in a seemingly nondescript situation, however.
'sopranos ending?
Let it be those who don't recall, which in 2007, Tony is meeting at's, in Bloomfield, New Jersey.
He picks a jukebox's Don't Stop '. "
His son front door.
Daughter.
A get-together, one Tony's life, but with tension.
Build and build; a bell rings every time someone walks through the door, Tony.
Then there's the man who., Tony's son.
Could be, but given Tony's life, could a hitman assigned.
"The now, but if you think about it,,".
"Who's in?
A guy in a jacket,, a young trucker in a hat, a couple of black guys in some candy.
No reason for the tension to ratchet up.
But.
That I love. "
There are nods to other films, observed.
The way the scene is the final bedroom scene of Stanley Kubrick's "2001: A Space Odyssey," Tony the spot in.
Guy nod to the scene in "The Godfather" Michael Corleone McCluskey.
The scene, with Tony looking up as Journey Perry "" black.
The Chase by surprise
"would be, sure.
It was a subject he said.
, Don't. "
, Is that whether survives, they'll have to keep.
The end is uncertain and existential, Chase said.
"Whether this is the end, or at" he said.
"I'm not saying he was killed).
But stood more shot by a rival mob than do he put himself.
(CNN) An internal inquiry by the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office concluded that Deputy Bates.
Bates volunteer fatally shot Harris instead of stunning him with a Taser.
A Harris family lawyer provided documents to CNN the which also found supervisors intimidated Bates.
The Office has not responded to repeated calls for comment from CNN.
Bates,, told Friday his client.
Bates, 73, is charged in Harris.
He pleaded not guilty.
Bates was deputy for the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office on April 2 when the arrest of Harris a weapons.
Bates has said the suspect mistakenly shot Harris with a gun.
Has said the shooting was accidental.
Has Harris,.
Is to gun for a?
The attorney for Harris family said Bates wasn't qualified to be on the force but received preferential treatment a sheriff.
The newspaper reported the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office forge Bates records and were refused.
The office denied the allegations in the newspaper.
Also declined to respond to the claims.
, Training documents had proper training.
However, the records.
Bates' attorney,, characterized the something borne out by other officers.
The allegations made in the report are said.
The memos obtained by CNN show "investigation" the request Brian Edwards.
Edwards asked investigators to look at two questions specifically: Was Bates any other reserve, and were employees pressured by supervisors to?
The investigation employees that Bates.
Police: The district attorney's office said it had received information -- memo -- of further investigation beyond the scope of the manslaughter case. "
Is reaching out to independent law enforcement agencies to investigate further.
Contrary to claims by the sheriff's office that Bates had the required training to be in the field, the 2009 memo.
The document names Deputy Tim Albin (currently) and then-Capt.
A major) as two supervisors allegedly lower-ranking officers to or for Bates.
One deputy reported that training for Bates.
The written policy reserve deputy required 480 hours of training, and pressured the trainer to write that Bates was qualified after 320 hours.
The reassignment he did not comply signed a memo stating that Bates had training, and on details of the training.
The memo amended Bates patrol.
The training deputy said he initialed the changes, even though he didn't think Bates was properly trained.
According to the investigation memo, the that if honest said training, that the deputy was operations. "
Internal investigation turned up 72 hours of documented training.
The trainer maintained that he oversaw 328 hours of training, but records sent to the office,.
The, alleged that trainer lost his job in part because of his conduct.
Another deputy said that certificate even though she believed he had the training.
The deputy to the, and did so without questioning him, according to the investigation.
The memo lists where Bates performed that he wasn't,, but complaints were dismissed by supervisors.
(CNN) Fifteen buffalo were shot and killed on Friday after a day on the loose in upstate New York.
The chase, which took officers from five jurisdictions over the Hudson River, ended farm buffalo from the road, according to the Police Department.
"It was turning into the West," Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple told reporters on Friday.
"It was time to put an end to it."
Described the hectic chase: "They were setting up a perimeter the animals and they charged through," said.
The herd then stampeded across the interstate highway, breaking through a fence.
"Once they crossed, that escalated,.
No animals. "
The bull heard weighed over 1,300 pounds and a collision could have been fatal, Heffernan said.
New York State were in and were to keep, Heffernan said.
GEM Farms in York, where the buffalo escaped, were,, to kill the animals, a decision said wasn't made that was.
George Mesick, the 87-year-old owner, sat in listening to the buffalo were shot.
"Very sad,".
"I'm so glad that they got them hurt."
Twenty-two buffalo farm on Thursday -- -- including were shot, Mesick said.
One buffalo calf,, and reported,, Mesick said.
Mesick has been raising buffalo for their meat since 1973, he said,.
"They love to roam," he said.
"They love the field and go of gun and they did."
Buffalo shot the farm said.
The herd to swam across the Hudson River, according to Mesick, still surprised.
"They even had a to".
(CNN) The three defendants in the death of Florida A drum major were convicted Friday of manslaughter the death.
A jury guilty verdicts Benjamin McNamee and Darryl, 28.
They will be sentenced June 26, according to County court records.
Until held in county jail.
November 2011 a band hazing ritual was beaten a school bus Orlando, Florida.
Initiation center while being assaulted band members have said.
A medical examiner ruled Champion's death a homicide and said he died within an hour of being beaten.
Champion, the examiner said.
A total of 15 defendants were charged originally, but most took plea deals,.
Trial and was convicted of the charges.
Hong Kong (CNN) was forced to cancel a scheduled flight from London to Hong Kong after one of the pilots was arrested after trying to board the airliner with knives.
The pilot, who has not been identified, was stopped during security flight, Metropolitan Police said
"21 police at Heathrow Airport were called to area.
The member, a man, was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place and a knife / sharp pointed in a public place. "
He was taken ordered, the statement added.
Cathay Pacific, which is headquartered in Hong Kong, told CNN that it unable to provide details as the incident is being investigated by police.
It apologized to the board eventually departed on Sunday passengers in flight.
Were on board the two hours before the service was canceled.
"told crew.
The captain said 'everything has happened'.
() Panic.
Tears.
Fear.
Those feelings permeated,, after a magnitude earthquake struck midday.
Hours after a wave of aftershocks, many people to buildings.
Others rubble, including to rescue those trapped.
And there are confirmed, not to mention hundreds suffered injuries.
Some accounts from mountainous Asian nation.
Earthquakes Anderson, who was in Nepal for trekking was in his hotel room when the quake struck.
"I went outside five minutes after the.
Went to hour main road, he said.
Photos on the main road Thamal Squares shared CNN.
Kumar posted a photo in his the quake.
Updates via Twitter seeing in Lalitpur District
"It's getting dark, no power and no water supply in area, but people and" kids "People are very worried are on overnight but lack."
Joshi who was on the ground quake.
"The shake was like in.
And for a long time. "
Temples fell.
There were fears that other buildings would collapse.
Saw people preparing in the main parade ground.
Relatives were crying in the government hospital front.
My family.
We are 5 under one roof --.
Aftershocks are keeping up! "
".
A people are walking through the city.
They're confused and scared.
People are crying
Families and a lot of locals are in rescue operations.
"In several parts of Kathmandu, a trapped.
Are trying to rescue people still hear. "
Are you in or loved ones affected?
Are in a safe place
We are scared and waiting for the tremors.
We are all sitting outside because there is quake
There is no power families listening to the.
Of collapses.
"cracked
"The was packed ago.
There are police everywhere rubble to on roads for ambulances.
Everyone is very scared. "
"many cracked buildings are down the streets
"The main in Kathmandu,, and it has fallen down, about 140 feet high in the center city.
"Another is now strong
"are circling now are not clear the airport.
. "
How are?
"have collapsed in the city
"In all my years I have never seen a big earthquake here
"There are shaking, sometimes bigger but this is cracked and it is relatively strong."
People.
Aftershocks they're they do
You can see glass of buildings and cracks.
People.
They're out in the open. "
Help us predict earthquakes?
Korea's buddae-jjigae -- or "stew" as it's often called back to the scarce cooks to with.
While to, happens to feature canned meat, most notably in its glory.
"It's, in fact, classic deliciousness" Anthony Bourdain says of the dish during the premiere of "Parts Unknown" on Sunday, April 26..
"" recently's cook up the spicy stew and his 24 intoxicating hours in the capital of Seoul.
It's a good thing budda-jiigae is a storied hangover cure.
) Courtesy: 12-oz slices 1 kimchi, cabbage (can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or Korean specialty store) 8 oz.
(can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or Korean specialty store) 2 5 garlic cloves, crushed 3 hot dogs 8
A well-stocked Korean store pepper specialty store baked beans water For the anchovy broth 1 shiitake mushroom specialty store instructions 1.
Place and simmer until.
Strain and set aside.
2.
The rice cakes,, and in the bottom pot.
3.
Add the soy pot pour the kelp.
Add water.
High.
4.
Cook for 5-10 minutes the noodles.
Ladle broth over the noodles apart.
Cook for 2-3 minutes until noodles are cooked through but.
(CNN) A Transportation Security Administration committee concluded that full screening of airport employees nationwide would not lower the overall risk, according to a report released Monday.
The TSA's full screening would "."
Tips.
Full physical screening of employees also is incapable of capabilities to limitations. "
"No single broad-spectrum protection against risks or adversaries," the report said.
", security offers the ability to mitigate measures aviation."
The TSA and most airports could not afford employee screening, the report said.
Airports in the U.S. be screened.
The report, TSA Secretary Jeh Johnson announced for airport workers and airport employees traveling passengers airports.
The TSA after a worker at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport were arrested in December for guns.
Since the incident, airport security to check employees when they show up for work has increased overall security.
"Immediately following the TSA increased airport access points to mitigate security vulnerabilities," Johnson said.
's "prompt and significant step to closing airport security with regard to enhancing background checks."
The TSA report said employee vetting should be strengthened by updating criminal offenses through the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), and maintaining a national database of employees whose credentials have been revoked for cause.
The TSA should expand include monitoring,, the report said.
Security be enhanced effective to secure passengers facilities, the report said.
It also recommended employees who baggage.
CNN revealed this month that passengers filed 2010 from luggage.
The TSA agreed with a Homeland Security study that was mandatory airport screening.
The committee that representatives from airlines security.
John, chairman, said, "As it is critical that the Transportation Security Administration as well as the airport community mitigate insider threats.
To stakeholders and the TSA can,, improve employee vetting for access to sensitive and parts of airports.
Rep. Kathleen Rice, a member of the Transportation Committee, said the report makes clear that TSA must do more to prevent like in.
"Screening employee may not be solution but every employee should work face screening" she said.
Stover at Miami International Airport, told CNN, "there is no solution in threat, however we will continue our is."
(CNN) Americans on the no-fly list will now be banned from flights and be given the opportunity to dispute their status, according to court documents filed by the Justice Department this week.
The policy comes in response to a June ruling by a federal judge that said was in violation of the Fifth Amendment's guarantee of due process.
The decision was part of an American Civil Liberties Union lawsuit the list.
But the ACLU isn't satisfied with the government's new documents Monday ().
"After years of fighting in court for, it's good that the government is finally now going to tell of", the ACLU and the lead attorney on the case, in a statement.
"Unfortunately, we've found that the government's new process falls short of requirements because it denies our clients, and a hearing.
To, we're in court. "
People on the list by the FBI Center travel of the United States.
The number of people on the list is classified.
An official with knowledge of the government's told CNN in 2012 that the names Americans.
Before, residents who inquired with the government received a letter that denied their inclusion on the list.
Be made aware of redress option to request further information.
"The government of Traveler () to provide additional transparency for U.S. residents who have been on because they are on the No Fly List," said a statement.
In included receive or submit information about the government will provide a detailed, identifying "specific under the individual," according to court documents.
Unclassified summary of information will be provided to the extent feasible, consistent with the law.
Those who appear on the list will then have opportunity to dispute their status in,, a decision from the Transportation Security Administration.
(CNN) You probably never knew her name, but.
Betty, designer of the iconic "Welcome to Las Vegas" sign, died.
She was 91.
Willis played a role in the neon in the city.
Museum credits Angel the 2013 to celebrate her 90th birthday.
She attended school in Pasadena,.
She retired at age 77.
Willis trademarked most-famous it. "
Everything.
(CNN) It was a busy week for trending stories.
Online, here's what: After New York received, rainbows.
A fashion company snapped the lucky shot.
In China, hiring exotic dancers at.
Until now.
The latest crackdown.
From the Tuesday.
Oh Kardashians.
New trend every other week.
Lip.
By sucking on.
Like.
Seriously.
A hashtag:.
With, 102-year-old went back in time.
A prom-posal that referenced?
't of racism.
Ewan McGregor in 'Beauty and the Beast' This draw on.
Johnny Depp.
One're pregnant: The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. "
A dad photobombs his son?
) Anthony Doerr's novel on of,, sides won the Pulitzer Prize Monday.
Doerr's novel received rave reviews last spring.
"Anthony Doerr for lost I his novel, 'All the Light We Cannot See," wrote The New York Times.
's also a finalist for the National Book Award.
It's fourth work including two short story collections.
2015 Pulitzer Prize winners "" a Guirgis won the Pulitzer for drama.
"The Motherf * * * the" on Broadway in 2011.
Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction:" won for nonfiction.
, New Yorker tackles the idea that the die-off.
"As the planet warms up and the oceans, all bets are off -- hinging on," wrote Lazard.
,, "'s book is not as depressing as you might think.
A good subject and light when needed. "
Other winners in arts and letters categories include "Heart of the History of the Mandan People" (history); "The Mussolini") "" Wolfe; and "" (poetry).
(CNN) When Melissa,, heard from a mom on Facebook, she knew she needed to do something.
So she shared the mom's story.
In a blog post, Wardy told how the mom wanted "" fabric to make pillows for her two children.
The problem?
The fabric didn't include female GoGo.
So Veronica decided to send an email to the company that the that as she was offended.
Answer company't.
Girl empowerment ads:?
Springs responded girl.
"Eeeww!
Yuck!
, Licensing manager wrote.
It will come as no surprise that Veronica was none too pleased to receive that response.
I was frustrated and that manager,,.
It was unprofessional.
Responded, Veronica told CNN.
She asked that we use her name in order to maintain her privacy.
In back to wrote "By women in your design, you are telling boys that it's OK to are yucky, unworthy and less than a boy
"telling girls they are, and that it's un-cool to be confident."
Shows that parents, aided by social media outrage, may have more leverage to combat.
"Big Hero -- the shoes retailer manufacturers finally.
The story After sharing story with her Twitter followers, Wardy encouraged people to.
The hashtag # IncludeTheGirls
How female popular "excluded from cereal rarely include female characters
"This sends boys and girls forgettable,.
What a horrible children! "
Said Wardy, who is founder and chief executive officer of & Ballcap, a company that makes clothing for boys.
"The prevailing theory is, 1. boys are the default audience and 2. boys won't want it,.
I talk with thousands of parents every week "
Why trying to Those are clearly making their voices heard.
After Veronica received her response from, said the company to post a statement.
"It is sometimes difficult to hear negative feedback but was clear we intend to your message," the statement read.
"any shape design products on."
The company said "" "".
We would never intentionally offend any.
A company with see both, said the statement.
Springs told CNN it would comment.
Veronica said she was surprised the company responded so quickly
I believe this would have happened without the Pals and Ballcap voices. "
March: will get buzz?
Around the same issue with TOMS on her site.
On the progressive retailer's Web page for kids were photos that parents gender.
"shoes for boys, and the other, this one on a pink, included the" Little feet. "
"TOMS?
Girls are.
Girls play! "
Wardy wrote on her Facebook page.
Hours received from TOMS Facebook the company wording has been "."
"We're really grateful whenever our community brings something to our attention," said, senior vice president, global marketing and communications for.
"Perhaps as more, I mean we really listen to our customers in our community."
Here's my question: Are the responses after out on social media a are stereotypes girl and boy or of the?
A?
LikeAGirl Wardy said no companies to protect their bottom line.
Said what can when clear from gender. "
Not silent is my mantra.
Up! "
Wardy said.
"The success with TOMS and is an example of the power of parents aggregating voices to say, 'Enough is enough.'
Veronica said the becoming ", reactive to voices heard companies market."
She added, "voice can be collectively be."
That parents using their voices can encourage companies to change.
's raising awareness about, said.
If companies aren't paying attention now, they should be. "
Do you think are getting the message?
(This is week three of an ongoing series Bible.
Week one and week two.
When, my brother texted me, "."
Sunday I understood what he meant.
The story of Lot.
The destruction of Sodom was.
I actually that Sodom is the origin of the word sodomy
As.
Lot is the central character in Sodom in.
To Abraham tries to save the town.
In the chapter, Abraham asks God to agree that if he can find 10 good people in the town, God.
God agrees.
Is visited by divine investigate people the town.
Come. "
Ahem.
Yeah.
Hospitable bunch?
"intimacies" meant, for's.
And I meant.
("Intimacies" is the 1991 edition of the Bible.
Sexual relations. "
The the.
Which.
Ugh.
, It doesn't.
Aren't enough to save Sodom leads to destroying yet another in Genesis.
While family flee the destruction wife turned to.
Back.
God Lot's daughters aren't men so they get and have sex.
Children to keep going,, I guess.
After I put my Bible down.
I read.
Then I read.
What was I reading?
Are the meaning I get from these?
This is not the God that I have known for nearly 42 years.
It's not the version of God I.
't God.
Why are they wicked?
I don't believe that my God would go after one any.
God I punish the "wicked" like this.
I can't this version of God.
I in that kind of.
Easier to write about in the pages that I read.
To be truthful with my readers.
The story struck me --.
I wish I had answers or many.
't.
It could be a tale to make sure people had sex to have children.
Or it could be a tale.
The truth is: I don't know.
I that doesn't include the idea of God.
I how you could devote your life to reading and analyzing the Bible.
I read this said "."
(CNN) My name is Mark, and I am a professor of New Testament and Religious Studies at Duke University.
I was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on Jesus. "
Also appeared in each episode of the program.
Their questions on the "" Facebook page.
Below are some of the and my answers to them.
They have been edited for style: Anarie: The copy we have of Mary comes from the second century, possible that itself could be older (
The show dates from.
It located in Berlin.
Although's most complete manuscript is missing.
There are fragments of the Gospel,, and dating from the third century.
It is difficult to date the Gospel itself.
That there are references to it in antiquity.
Was written in century.
Gustavo: Where can we get a good translation of the Gospel of Mary?
Goodacre: There are several good translations of the Gospel of Mary.
One suggestion is Karen King's "The Gospel of Magdala: Jesus and the."
That book also has good discussion.
One thing that the Gospel is not called "Mary Magdalene."
The "Magdalene" does not come at all.
The heroine "Mary."
I would like to know what happened to Mary?
Where did she go?
Last?
: This is one of the great mysteries about the character!
She is prominent at the end of Gospels, about in the rest of the New Testament,.
She is not mentioned in Acts of the Apostles, Paul's letters, or anywhere else.
One possibility is that the early church suppressed her memory and chose not to tell the story of this famous female.
If that is the case, the Gospel to her and Resurrection narratives.
Another possibility,, is that Mary died long after.
Elderly widow?
Turnbullteacher: Wouldn't Church in the have Jesus or not?
: Good question.
There is nothing second century Jesus was married Clement of Alexandria () takes that Jesus was married.
"Jesus' Wife" 2012 thought,.
: Think Magdalene is a reference to Mary's hometown?
Goodacre: It's a guess that refers her name refer to her hometown, Jesus "" is Nazareth.
There are other characters in the New Testament by.
For example Arimathea.
Could be and not have anything to do with Magdala.
AllSaintsRadio: Why was the Gospel of Mary out of the 66?
Goodacre it is not clear that it was ever.
Gospel of Mary is not in extant lists of early Christian works.
In any case, the book was written too late to have a chance of competing with,, all of which are written by the end or beginning of the second century.
Gospel of Mary from theology what.
StephanoleDReed: Where is Jesus had a wife?
Goodacre: There are no ancient texts in which Jesus.
The closest is the Gospel of Philip in which Mary is Jesus' "companion". "
The same Gospel used her we know is manuscript at that point!
Tell us anything about the.
Funding:
I would like to thank everyone for their questions over the weeks.
Sorry on-camera and I to all.
Thanks for the encouraging words. "
You have enjoyed and profited from watching it.
(CNN) Burger King wedding couple.
Not any -- these are the nuptials of Burger and Ashley King.
Accepted the restaurant chain's offer July on Monday.
"We are very appreciative of Burger King and can't thank them enough for their generosity!"
King.
It started their engagement in October.
The couple name and posed a sign.
Reporter Dave Bakke of.
Burger King got wind of interested in the happy couple, help.
They were invited on Skype Monday surprise King for their wedding.
"We were shocked ()," said King.
The romance was years in the making.
Burger, 24, and King, 23, met in kindergarten and in.
In fifth grade, classmates King asked to stand as during an assembly speaker.
"He said to school," King told CNN, "that together we were Burger King."
The motivational speaker wasn't too far off --.
The two became friends, then dated in college.
"Joel on go popped the question on"
(CNN) Actress says that he posed as a black man to get into medical school that opened his eyes.
The revelation comes as Vijay Chokal-Ingam, who is of Indian descent, is pitching a book about his "college problems while black."
On his website,, Chokal-Ingam says he hatched the plan after realizing in college that his grades weren't good enough to med school as an Indian-American.
"I shaved my head, trimmed my long Indian eyelashes, and applied to medical school as a black man," he wrote on the website.
"My change was so startling that my fraternity brothers didn't recognize me at first."
He says he joined an organization for students and applied to schools using his middle name.
Had, now writer, interview school. "
Cops harassed me.
Store clerks accused me.
Women were scared or couldn't keep their hands off, he wrote
Started a experiment. "
He says it worked.
3.1 and a good-but-not-great score on the Medical College Admission Test, claims he was wooed by top medical schools.
He even posts documents to bolster his claims, including an letter from a dean at the University congratulating him on his "excellent scores" on the MCAT.
To suggest his as a "black" applicant into schools.
, Chokal-Ingam applied to medical schools.
He told CNN he applied at 22 schools at 11.
He was wait-listed at four schools and one.
Louis University School, dropping out.
In a 2013 ruling affirmative action and admissions.
Chokal-Ingam says his story shows how affirmative action "destroys American and white applicants for employment and higher education."
"also about the academic abilities and professional skills of African-American, who don't need special assistance in order to compete with other minority groups," he wrote.
A Saint Louis University spokeswoman telling the Huffington Post that race played a role in Chokal-Ingam's admission.
"and met criteria for admission at and ethnicity did not factor into the," the quoted as saying.
As expected, Chokal-Ingam's claim hasn't gone over well in some quarters.
"How does @ VijayIngam disprove the benefits of #?"
One Twitter user asked.
Some were more blunt.
"."
"'s consider one decade -- an experience that yield any in acceptance letters -- is not really indicative of the state of college admissions," wrote Salon's Mary Elizabeth Williams.
"Nor is an exemplary window into the complex and elite," she added
Instead, Chokal-Ingam's story is woman's brother to drum up controversy. "
Chokal-Ingam's sister, "" is among those who, he wrote on his website.
"," wrote that will bring shame on the family.
Others said they don't see what all the fuss is about.
(CNN) The overturned convertible was smoldering pulled up on a New Jersey roadway.
The driver was pinned inside -- and unconscious.
Flame scrambled to save a police dash cam.
CNN obtained the footage from affiliate.
And Ricky seat belt dragged the body away from emergency.
A minute, flames.
Two -- an explosion.
All three were lucky to escape.
The rescue driver officers sped off to investigate.
At the scene, the Toyota.
Its horn was blaring.
To the flipped car, shouted over at the driver, "Can you hear me?"
No even a gesture, the video showed.
It took them two minutes to cut off the seat belt as smoke kept rising.
Her in safety, officers hooked the driver up to a defibrillator and started CPR.
The woman identified by Police as Dawn, 45, of Beachwood, New Jersey, was airlifted to Medical.
She charged with driving open container, reckless driving and failure to stay in lane,.
Kinnelon Police Sgt.
Chris Carbone told the show that the driver died,.
His colleagues' bravery, he said, "our safety doing this job."
(CNN) This week is the 100th anniversary of of's Obama has his the word "genocide".
By Pope George Clooney and even by.
On the 2008 campaign trail, Obama promised to use the word "genocide" to describe the massacre -- a pledge he made when.
"genocide" an.
The killings of Armenians In 2006, after the U.S.
Asked using the Armenian genocide, Obama hammered the administration for not taking a stand.
"not an allegation,,," he said.
But that was then.
With Bush, Turkey -- the only country in NATO -- a crucial ally than.
Turkey has NATO, the U.S. a ally,.
Turkey denies this history
"We cannot define what happened in 1915 as genocide," Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu told CNN.
Won't Armenians In Pulitzer Prize-winning book about genocide to the United Nations hammered U.S. policy makers for not acting to stop.
"has made genocide priority, and suffered indifference to.
(CNN) 2 degrees a world.
Fahrenheit fossil fuels, climate experts say risk fundamentally that mark.
"This is the planet," lead co-author of the book Climate Shock. "
Droughts.
For all of its importance, I think the 2-degree is it.
I "" for climate negotiations.
This one number to the world's attention.
So that my reporting for the rest of the year.
I "2 degrees," need your help.
Until 5 p.m.
ET Monday, you can vote on for.
Facebook below (you don't.)
Tell which you like best - and report the winner.
Monday at.
2degrees story ideas.
Might.
CNN kicked off this with.
Asked questions about and about the.
I don't have all the answers.
We'll continue to explore the importance of this number.
But you'll find responses to questions.
Many of them from the readers.
I of my own.
If you like, sign up for.
And the comments.
They'll the.
One guy, it turns out.
William Nordhaus, an economist at Yale.
Nordhaus, proposed the in a 1977 (!)
Economic Carbon. "
The estimate was ","
"more above average would climate the," he wrote. "
A growing body of.
Science has continued to raise 2 degrees of warming.
And has led policy experts to conclude world should.
"a judgment call said of Climate, of 2 degrees Celsius.
This 2-degree happened at the interface of science and policy. "
Germany first to push degrees policy me.
In the 1990s.
Later European Commission,, U.S. National Academy of Sciences, the Accord was signed by more than 100 nations who agreed.
The United States.
I'm going to spend the month exploring this question, so more on this.
But here are some facts about what scientists expect world to look like.
Reports by Climate Change and.
• Wildfires in the United States are expected to increase 400% to 800%.
Hurricanes are expected to become 2% to 8% more intense. • A range of species extinction,.
The IPCC estimates and will "" the keep losing 30% of ice in, Africa are 10% expected.
Not.
't convey the.
"I'm from New Mexico," said,.
I love it it's going to be different climate.
The fishing won't be as good.
Hiking as good.
These forests.
I love to ski.
It's one of.
That warming.
The ocean, the coastline and it.
That's. "
, Exactly.
Think of degrees --.
Is smoking.
How many cancer?
No one knows exactly.
The more, the more risk.
And degrees,, is risky.
Plus, everyone hates a fraction.
Targeting 1 "said the economist
"sounds too high.
And a's
Of an obvious number. "
The climate already has warmed 0.85 degrees since the Industrial Revolution.
We reasonably can expect to degrees we're putting into the atmosphere "" to reduce carbon emissions, according to a report from the World Bank.
Some of that warming is locked-in to the system,.
Already.
Yes, but it won't be easy
"amazing speed -- said Global Climate Forum.
The guess for "might like greenhouse gas emissions by some 80, said Jennifer Morgan, director of the climate program at the World Resources Institute.
"It depends on how much risk you want to accept," she said.
Some activists, including those from Avaaz, which organized the largest climate change rally last year in New York, accept less.
"clean energy," said David Sievers, for.
If we continue fossil fuels at the current rate, we could hit 2 degrees of warming before.
Still, we could hit 3 degrees of warming by 2100.
Some have called the world the target, too ambitious.
A yardstick to measure progress and we need "north star" to help us actually would be to make a dent in this.
If 5 degrees is far, far worse.
The IPCC expects a 5-degree world to of. "
Beyond that,, we're "" that would be almost "infinitely costly," said Wagner, the Environmental Defense Fund.
"to the planet,.
Society. "
This much should be change.
If we shoot for and up, that's still less).
Urgency.
Please be in touch!
I need your help to make this work.
Email climate)
Subscribe to.
(CNN) Is a nation divided?
Has Ohio found a better way to bridge divisions?
It be drumbeat of issues that tear us apart: immigration, police and other crucial matters.
Adding to our is where politicians are how election bite, and groups work to protect broader vision of what is best for our country.
Ohio, meaningful change on thorny issues held our back in social services competiveness -- and I enjoyed's in.
In 2011, I returned -- after 1980s.
Over the years, Ohio had lost its way and was hurting.
I that Ohio had lost jobs get.
Ohio is stronger.
And that turnaround and success are being and.
We have gone from in an to having the nation's strongest $2 billion.
We've gone from losing jobs ones.
We've gone from high taxes across the board to the largest state in America tax cuts for the working poor.
Grow Ohio to the lowest level in a decade.
Getting Ohio back wasn't easy.
Big, against the those who worry about protecting their interests.
We have a success story to tell about our state.
We need Ohio's success.
The leadership style that helped turn Ohio 18 trillion higher our leaders to pass a's required their action.
Great leaders are not primarily focus groups,, special interests or the status quo.
Bring people together, challenge and engage work on common sense and the common good.
As the House Budget Committee I helped since.
We worked in a bipartisan effort that enough.
There were, of course, disagreements along the way, but they never overshadowed the shared values we guide goal of our country means.
The issues facing our country a leader who believes in values bring about change our country without the many that selfishness produce.
Leaders who make make our issues,.
We see it every day.
There are that: • Personal responsibility: It obligates us to be ourselves so we can then do our duty.
• Empathy: It allows us in shoes in disagreement be better that.
• Teamwork: It sets ego aside and demands that we.
• are the image of unique our mission here on earth.
These allow us to develop solutions that solve problems and creative ways for the good of all Americans,.
In Ohio this strategy.
Is the conversations inside the Hillary Clinton camp: How do the her of big?
People in New Hampshire know "Hillary," the Methodist?
A America. "
And to open the minds of people about opinion about?
, 2008 she ran against the newbie, when,, ran for New York.
In that race, she ended up spending a lot of all-ears time in New York.
This could all-you-can-eat at Diners show.
Guy.
Just sayin.'
Dining, it's almost -- to a campaign superstar politician.
The gauzy and small coffee can't the Houdini-like Hillary Clinton even her Scooby-Doo ".
(I imagined an.
She made I-80.)
Launch entitled.
Virtually unchallenged.
Accomplished.
In all, it's hard to the task.
It's hard to figure out's.
Hillary Clinton — and her experienced team — are disciplined and.
Usually when you're running a presidential campaign.
When Iowa tick off your rationale for your resume —.
(Especially when the former secretary of state described her tenure in five for. "
Short shrift, it seems to me.)
It's that old lessons of discipline work the campaign to create —.
The hardest combination of spontaneity.
Understand exactly what you) and say it as if it.
And having.
Call it authenticity, but it's not.
Skill connection, which voters.
(of voters -- someone who has been successful, as opposed to someone who has not.)
So there's If you're too like them, you.
But if too relatable.
's easily Clinton.
But not alone.
When George H.W.
Bush was running for re-election, he was facing his own image issues.
Challengers calling him to middle class woes in state.
Bush tried to drop the presidential,, and declared: "Message: I care."
A cue card, but "I know what I do that I.
I do. "
Lost.
To Bill.
The rest, as they say, is history.
(CNN) Nearly 6 in 10 Americans say businesses that provide wedding-related services should be required to provide same-sex couples the same way they would customers, even if they have religious objections.
A new CNN poll finds 57% feel businesses should be required to serve gay couples while 41% say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons.
A shift from a Pew poll conducted last fall found businesses couples should be allowed to refuse service on religious grounds.
The poll Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act signed into law by governor Mike Pence sparked businesses.
The NCAA spoke out against the law, while Democratic leaders Indiana.
And other Indiana legislators insisted discrimination was not the law and change law was April.
In CNN independents (60%) say wedding-related businesses should be required to provide services to same-sex couples,% say for refusing.
Full poll results at Republicans and independents who lean say wedding-related businesses should be allowed to refuse services, but within group and ideology.
Moderate and liberal Republicans and Republican-leaners broadly say wedding-related businesses should be required to serve all couples the same way (58%) while three-quarters of Republicans favor allowing to refuse service for religious reasons (74%).
Among Republicans and Republican-leaning independents, 56% say wedding-related businesses same older, 72% think not.
Cake differences, but the gap among Republican-leaners is larger than among independents.
White evangelicals are broadly in favor of allowing businesses to refuse service for religious reasons - 62% say they should be able to.
Among evangelicals, 61% say same.
The the Pew Center results comes across demographic.
Men,, younger and more apt than Pew say couples.
The CNN poll was conducted by telephone,, among a random sample of 1,018 Americans.
Error.
Of death have been given 72 hours notice of their execution, according to a spokesperson for the Attorney General.
Hours notification means three days,.
May be longer.
, There will be no execution hours after notification, Spontana told CNN by phone.
Though Indonesian officials said would be executed at the same time, said national filed his sentence has been delayed.
Meanwhile,, Philippines told CNN Sunday that had telephoned on Saturday: local time and on Tuesday, April 28.
The Philippines Embassy in Jakarta confirmed the.
According to lawyers, carried into Indonesia members.
On Friday, officials to "" -- Nusa are being held -- be carried out.
A.
Executions won't war The death row, two Australian citizens Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran -- members of the ring -- as well from,, had their clemency denied by President Joko Widodo.
A statement Sunday from Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said the Australian government execution of Sukumaran would be carried out "imminently
Mr. Sukumaran Raji yesterday assured the clemency from Indonesian President Widodo for both men.
"have been in remarkable over ten years and are genuinely remorseful for their serious crimes.
"Nothing can and will be lost if these two Australians are executed
"Indonesia to reconsider his.
A change of heart.
The two, convicted for their role in a smuggling plot, tried to challenge the decision earlier this month but lost an appeal the State case.
Their lawyers have since filed review Court.
The Attorney General has said they would but insisted the inmates have exhausted all options.
Has repeatedly appealed for clemency swap with Indonesia as a way of avoiding their deaths.
On Saturday, United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called on Indonesia's government to reverse their decision.
"appeals to the government of Indonesia to refrain from the execution of 10 prisoners on death row for alleged crimes," a Ban reports.
Human Rights Watch says President Widodo "has an important opportunity to signal rejection of the death penalty by sparing the lives of the people facing looming execution."
"Widodo can demonstrate true leadership by capital punishment said Phelim director Human Rights Watch in a statement.
"President Widodo should recognize that the death penalty is not a crime deterrent and.
Two things to watch.
1.
"The Big Bang Theory," 8 p.m.
ET CBS Sheldon and Leonard's moms are to make season.
TV's top comedy will see Christine Baranski and Laurie Metcalf as mothers of.
Seeing as they're the most in as the pair drive their.
2.
"2..
3.
""., CBS continues to deliver this dramedy.
Is.
4.
,.
5.
"," Friday,,.
6.
"Younger" Tuesday 10 TV Land charming comedy "Sex and the City" just got picked up for a second season.
(CNN) Hey,.
That boast on social media can whirlwind into real-life grief Texas veterinarian after shooting.
Lindsey an and posted a photo on Facebook, as the arrow.
Lindsey added,.
"bow kill.
The only feral tomcat with!
The award...
. "
Callers rang the phones hot's Clinic,, outrage.
Crashed its website.
High of shaming on the Internet Then Lindsey's prey was not a feral cat but an called him "Tiger."
He on Wednesday same day posted of the slain.
Not been able to confirm.
Grew, Lindsey comments her post no I did not.
Lol.
Psshh.
Get me.
! "
That was wrong.
The clinic fired on its marquee duct tape from actions.
"Our goal and our eye and people and don't what we're for here at Washington Animal Clinic," said Dr..
"We put our heart and soul into this place."
Told that Lindsey was not available for comment.
CNN to her.
She removed her post eventually shut down her Facebook page.
Callers also complained to the Brenham County Animal Control, as her Facebook post went viral.
The sheriff's office in Austin County was apparently,,.
Its dispatchers were overloaded with calls, the sheriff posted on Facebook
"We are asking you to take it on our.
As soon as the investigation is on.
Animal rights activists are pushing for charges.
"Animal must guilty be punished to the fullest extent of the law," said cat activist Becky.
Her,, a $7,500 reward for evidence leading to the arrest of the shot.
But stood up for Lindsey.
"She's amazing.
She's caring, said Shannon Stoddard.
"She maybe her bad choice not.
't think she.
She dropped balloons at clinic for Lindsey with a note.
Four people are missing after a severe storm sailboats Saturday afternoon during a Mobile Bay, Alabama, Coast Guard said.
Five people were reported missing,, the Coast Guard said.
Dauphin 50 people were rescued, said.
Of Mobile County, said one have died.
Sailboats, vessel said.
Rescue, the Coast Guard said.
Coast Guard Sector Mobile received a report at 30 p.m. that a in had been struck by severe weather, capsize and people in the water.
The Coast Guard and other agencies were on the scene Saturday, Vega said.
The Club Dauphin Island Race, according to the club.
(CNN) These are fearful times on the highest mountain in the world.
The earthquake on Saturday set off avalanches that left numbers of dead, missing Mount Everest.
Aftershocks, including a strong one Sunday, snow down the mountainside, complicating rescue efforts.
"We were sitting here in feeling the situation," said climber Carsten Pederson
"And then suddenly the aftershock," he told CNN on Sunday.
"immediately after the shock, we hear avalanches from the mountains around us."
But avalanches on the same scale came down on the camp Saturday.
The camp on the Nepal side of Everest is in a vulnerable spot, in a valley surrounded by high Himalayan peaks.
The lengthy quake struck Saturday who gathered there to prepare for of had nowhere.
"long avalanches.
They down were large, massive avalanches said the camp.
People tried to flee as the onrushing snow rocks took out sections.
"They were trying to outrun the avalanche and,".
Many people were hit from behind the mountain, by debris,. "
He said he took shelter behind a pile.
Breathe avalanche "
A huge cloud billowed hundreds of feet into the sky.
"We all until the cloud passed and then started the aftermath," Reiter said.
People killed, dozens injured and many others missing.
They are one enormous human toll in Nepal and beyond from the quake.
The camp scrambled to help the injured, digging out of the snow field hospitals.
Snow that continued to fall, hampering their efforts.
Climbers worked shifts through the injured as they improve.
"A lot of them are in shape," said of the injured.
Severe began Sunday morning after the weather cleared.
"breaking through and are in," said.
"We're.
're going to get the hill. "
Most camp had been airlifted Sunday afternoon.
But concerns were growing for groups of climbers stuck up the 29,035-foot () mountain in Camps 1 and 2.
The avalanche have trapped the icefall an part of the mountain that separates base camp from.
"They'll have to put a new route in icefall," said the first American to reach Mount Everest.
The climbers "have to cool it for days, wait the route," he told CNN.
Frequent aftershocks were making difficult.
Alex, a mountaineer at the base camp, said Sunday on Twitter that ropes were helicoptered to the people above.
Few of the climbers taken down by helicopter still be there, he wrote.
"it's them with helicopters said.
"many people."
Amid, details started to emerge about some.
Google had been posting updates about his adventures on Instagram.
His sister, Megan, updated the Instagram message saying he suffered.
"We appreciate all the love sent our know his live on in so many of us," she wrote.
"our love shared this our favorite man.
Us. "
Girawong, New Jersey on, was also killed, according to her family employer.
"family beloved daughter, sister and best friend
"was doing the thing she loved most --.
Describe the heartbreak and suffering. "
Base camp described a situation after the avalanches Saturday.
"It's a rough scene up here," Reiter said.
He told CNN that one dead sleeping bag.
Those who suffered were asked names to identify died, said.
The number of dead remained unclear.
A doctor with an expedition base camp told CNN he had seen 14 bodies so far.
But an unknown number of people are still missing, buried beneath the ice.
The earthquake struck killed 16 Sherpas, the deadliest mountain up to that point.
The Sherpas, an ethnic group, are famed for their skills and as mountain guides.
"is," said Pasang who lost people in the 2014 avalanche.
There is always a risk of death. "
Reiter was also there last year when avalanche.
He described to CNN the harrowing bodies.
American climber has scaled "Seven" the highest mountain of the continents,.
His third year to scale.
He turned back in "it didn't feel right".
Will Reiter try disaster on the mountain?
"think that he wouldn't last," said her California home.
"knowing I think he will.
Want.
(CNN) Tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached for the May 2 fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao.
Pacquiao promoter Bob Arum, dubbed "," hampered the of how many tickets allocated to for event.
"There was a tickets Mayweather Promotions share of the tickets of number,".
Pacquiao 900 tickets.
Tickets for the bout are priced at but demand for the fight could fetch on.
Kenny Bayless has been named as referee of Mayweather.
The Nevada Athletic Commission Bayless officiated take the most anticipated bout in recent boxing history at the MGM Grand.
Nevada native has five Pacquiao's, was described as "the".
Nevada executive director said:,
"He's efficient and has proven number of world.
Best in the world. "
Confirmed judges -- Dave Moretti and Burt of -- for the fight.
"I think we have the best judges and Kenny is the best referee out there," Roach said.
"I think he's going to give us a fight."
The welterweight world to smash the richest in the sport's viewers for Mayweather's fight against Oscar De La Hoya in 2007.
"give the fans the fight they have wanted for years
"They have waited and they deserve it."
Mayweather and Pacquiao have been considered but issues protocols the two.
Both are coming to the end of their careers elsewhere.
, Mayweather, the athlete.
(CNN) There will be charges for arrested beating man of.
Police have charged Ronald, 21, with assault.
A arrested, according to authorities.
Had be charged with a hate crime because the victim was white and the people were black.
Because Brown.
't be happening.
"Specifically acts in this hate crime in behind the charged, Postawko St. Louis Circuit Attorney's Office told CNN.
The occurred rail train caught a passenger's camera.
The passenger posted the video online and it went viral.
A young black man asked to.
He and man asked the shooting of an unarmed teenager by a police officer in nearby Ferguson, Missouri,, said.
Shooting about deadly force.
"The next punches in" the victim told CNN.
Video showed a male the the victim, who covered his.
Two other males joined in, police said.
The attackers fled.
Kathmandu, Nepal (CNN) We came on a flight.
Blue tarps were visible from the sky for under -- signs that there was something wrong.
Had to couple.
Couple.
There was afternoon, so they were checking the.
Military and aid flights have few -- Indian military -- were going to bring.
They did.
When we landed at the airport.
To to trying to get out.
But there's no way to get out.
Torrential rainstorms hours aftershock ago, no one wants.
Residents.
See structural damage to buildings.
Most buildings to.
: Nepal's historic landmarks the, there's not a huge amount of visible damage.
Some houses, but it's not as the earthquake.
The hotel're not inside the.
The guests in a big tent functions on.
People in.
There are probably about 100 people there.
The tents are water is seeping in streets with tent.
People are outside in the.
It's stark,.
This.
'm cold.
It's almost May, it's much hotter.
There's very little power in the city,.
For the residents.
Soon they will need shelter.
Shelters have been put up, but the government.
A city where buildings have been abandoned.
People in to rubble from buildings.
There are in the city,, stores.
You see a cart with few bottles of water, but for the most part, nothing is being sold in the city.
Concerned about looting in the streets, they have water and food in the.
Communal kitchens set up for.
The government -- people.
Are themselves in shock.
Biggest concern now for shelter,.
The biggest concern in the.
't the epicenter.
No one's's at the epicenter.
't been to areas.
're talking to say there's damage outside Kathmandu -- thousands of houses damaged north,.
(CNN) One of the biggest stars in mixed martial arts is wanted for questioning after a hit-and-run crash in New Mexico.
"" the "a hit-and-run accident" Sunday, police said.
A vehicle suffered minor injuries, police said.
"Officers at his residence,, police said in a statement.
"We have reached out to his lawyer but as of now have not heard back."
Cannot confirm Jones was involved in the crash.
CNN Ultimate Fighting Championship Jones.
Jones is arguably star in's.
But he has also had his struggles.
Jones entered a rehabilitation center after testing positive in a by.
Out of rehab after treatment.
If you were of least up.
Until now.
China hiring dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice, the latest country's crackdown.
Strippers are,, attract more mourners, China's official Xinhua news agency said.
Another report: performances. "
Photos obtained by CNN from an attendee at a Cheng'an in Hebei Province show all ages, including children, watching.
The attendee, who asked not to be identified, said he was visiting family during the Lunar New Year.
While he was there, one of the elderly villagers he went to the funeral.
"I felt right," he told CNN
The performance.
I had heard strippers dance at funerals but had never seen it.
I was shocked when I saw. "
He said the villagers said this performance had been practiced for a while.
"They didn't.
They were it
) after the media? "
In some areas of the professional mourners "".
Although the dance acts have increasingly.
China's Ministry of Culture issued a statement Thursday on these stripteases.
Said investigated two separate incidents, one in Handan, Hebei, Jiangsu.
Both involved multiple-participant "burlesque striptease" shows as mourners.
The report said that the the business "and" such acts were. "
, The report said.
Dancing are illegal in China.
The dancers were held in "administrative detention" following investigations, the report added.
The Ministry of Culture did not respond to CNN requests for comment.
The Ministry ordered police across China to step up efforts to tackle "three vices" -- prostitution and drug illegal activities.
(CNN) Sending Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to prison for the rest of his life would bring punishment and jurors were told Monday.
"more horror in this courtroom than possible, said as defense began a two-week campaign to the death penalty.
"ever be equal to on the" he said.
There is no of.
No can't be done.
, All do is the best. "
Jurors there are only two punishments them to choose: life without parole.
"We are asking imprisoning him for the rest of his life."
Showing This anymore
...
Here forgotten.
No spotlight, the death penalty brings.
"No the news, no no messages from Internet.
No nothing
No martyrdom.
Years and years of punishment to dealing with what he did
"The evidence will show sentence of what he did"
Tsarnaev was convicted this month of all 30 counts against him carry the death penalty for the murders of four -- Krystle Campbell,, Martin Richard and Sean Collier.
In spends the rest of his days in a high-security prison, jurors his the toll on his victims and family, and whether he is remorseful.
Emotion in court bombing relatives of the dead.
Last week, prosecutors presented three gut-wrenching testimony, including an array of, and videos that soundtrack featuring screams and the bombing,.
Defense attorney Judy -- opponent -- has acknowledged that Tsarnaev and his brother campus Collier.
But a narrative her client of older.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev died with, police days after the bombings.
Clarke's colleague,, noting "The man who led.
The 19-year-old younger brother who helped.
He was 19,.
But an age.
And age destructive decisions.
What to to weigh his mitigating factor.
Bruck tried a photo introduced last week Tsarnaev raising at --.
"I could almost hear gasp when that was displayed,.
"turned gesture wasn't as.
"What did he mean?
As 19-year-old.
Tsarnaev's family over the weekend is guarding its witness list.
The are an forced to suburban not include his parents, divorced and returned the April 15, 2013, bombings.
Court filings indicate the defense to Vogelsang's of --.
Under federal law, the jury must be unanimous.
A jury would result in an automatic life sentence for Tsarnaev -- one juror.
The Boston Globe reported over the weekend that% of those polled favor the Tsarnaev.
Refugee camp, (CNN) Mebratu emerge serving as its the master folder. "
Important the, record of each name been,, they journey by, and whether they survived.
By the rows of names, the dead.
In the past few days, news of family across the world -- came new for 20 who drowned off the shores.
Ali Addeh refugee camp has been for those fleeing Djibouti, Eritrea, and Somalia in the Horn of Africa.
Residents mostly come, this is supposed to be just the first stop on their journey to United.
Many though say they're tired of waiting.
For, another route.
Up across Libya -- where the migrant traffickers sail at.
Henol's friend was who lost their lives this week when their boat capsized in the Mediterranean en route,.
They together even made the journey to Djibouti.
When the time came for to travel, says he was asked too but said no.
He hoped the little longer.
The first time.
Henol believes.
"I can see that".
No solution here.
No back home -- what can we do?
We are living in limbo. "
He tells me follow.
Though trying, I ask?
"Yes," he replies.
One of the most repressive countries in the world, an aging dictator enforcing a regime of conscription that rights groups believe is a.
The country in, Afewerki runs.
One young man at the camp on crutches his disfigured knee.
The unit says accused him life a few months shy.
We not.
The will talk on camera.
Back we find a man as we obscure his identity.
With in the last time he saw his father 20 years ago the was killed trying to stop the men who came.
He believes for security forces.
He was made attempt at crossing into.
He was discovered and wounded by gunfire.
As he recovered, he tried again if was.
Barely he into Djibouti days.
This, waiting through the.
The uncertainty is agony.
He understands why others have pinned their hopes on smugglers.
"People risk their lives," he a.
"All is because of the international community
"like is hope.
It's in the hands. "
(CNN) For years, family searched for details about his whereabouts and.
His wife said still Thursday after U.S. officials revealed the American aid worker had been.
"that the U.S. governments to take action and secure his release would have done everything possible to do justice to the heartbreak we are going through, said in a statement.
The death but will be conducting an investigation. "
Gunmen abducted in 2011 from his home in Lahore, Parkistan.
They posed as neighbors, offered food and then pistol-whipped the American aid worker and his guards,.
After al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri released the holding -- other United States.
U.S. officials called for his release but said Washington wouldn't al.
Husband from Maryland, according to a website detailing information about his case.
He worked in a contractor for the U.S. Agency for International Development from 2004 to 2011,.
His employer, Virginia-based consulting firm J.E.
Austin. described him as world-renowned.
"spent his entire life across the globe that he did" his wife said Thursday.
Pakistani and learning and "could and profound for the region."
Weinstein, Obama said was lifelong dedication as a volunteer USAID contractor.
Weinstein was someone who "left the comforts of home to help the people of Pakistan,.
"This was a, where the standard of living was low
...
It's tragic that he was killed the way he was, former U.S.
Ambassador Dan Simpson.
Simpson met Weinstein when working in Burundi -- as a diplomat books.
"person," said ""
Another hostage was also killed in the January operation, aid.
Officials were an in the the operation, Obama said, but the hostages.
Both Lo Porto and Weinstein "" could make a difference, Obama said.
"could be selfless
"Warren's faiths.
Al Qaeda boasted that Warren.
Weinstein's health deteriorating,.
Year told CNN her father suffered from a heart condition and.
It was the.
That month captors released U.S. Army Sgt.
Bowe Bergdahl and buoyed hopes from's could.
"they can get this done.
, They can do this, Alisa Weinstein said
"I know they can do it for us and they can do it for others."
A prisoner swap happened for Weinstein,.
Al Qaeda released a video of Weinstein on.
Gaunt said he was suffering.
"'ve been deep day not knowing my not knowing how and I am," Weinstein said in the video.
At the time, a colleague and friend said his appearance in the video was jarring.
", recognize him in the picture," told CNN
"person terms and would hope something could be done to with his wife,, in a foreign country."
At the time, also reported a letter.
The letter, also posted on the website of the Intelligence group, described his background doing human rights work.
The letter said that Weinstein, a Peace in Togo for USAID.
"I hope that the media can the to to make sure that I just become,".
"my I have time on my side."
Statement Thursday thanked some of the United States for not doing more to help her husband.
While Sen. Barbara Mikulski Ben were "relentless" to free her husband, she said the U.S. government were "inconsistent and disappointing course."
"my husband and the others in the government to take approach to supporting hostages," she said.
Pakistani military officials should have done more, she said.
"have been a priority for their country, but they failed to earlier in when opportunity presented itself treating captivity as more of an annoyance than a priority," she said.
"I relationship with Pakistan is how situations."
But, she said her husband's captors are responsible for his death.
"I assure you that he would be alive and well if they had allowed home his to the people of Pakistan," she said.
Actions who took Warren captive. "
Opinion: Could Weinstein have?
(CNN) Italy is coping with desperate migrants hoping to make it to Europe.
8,480 migrants were rescued, according to the coast guard, which on Monday -- -- calls boats in distress.
A spokesman with told CNN migrants could be ship carrying 550 people capsized in the Mediterranean 80 miles off the coast.
Italian coast guard, told CNN report has not found evidence to indicate a migrant boat capsized rescued.
Operation boats and planes,, indicate boat, Coast Guard official Filippo Marini said.
A recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the Mediterranean into Italy and rescues aid migrant boats.
Migrants are dying According to the International Organization for Migration registered 2015 at sea during the first weekend of April in the Channel.
Most migrants this year come from West Africa and Syria,.
Libya country.
Often bad weather and overcrowded vessels,.
And crews abandon ships, leaving passengers to fend for themselves.
Nepal (CNN) The clamor the airport.
The rush of hours previously,, cacophonous hours following the earthquake near the had died down.
Now, families sit camped out,, but now abandoned.
At the airport,, a Nepalese family.
A village from.
He also has two cousins says.
No way to reach.
Follow the latest Nepal Stepping out of the, the devastation is.
It hours hit worst has years.
The death toll has climbs,.
The areas, as badly affected isolated yet is staggering.
Across the station is a as scores try urgently to leave to make it out to the so affected by this quake.
Communications down are desperate stricken families,.
The scene is at every gas station; lines of cars,, waiting to fill up.
People clambering aboard buses,, trying to get as far away from devastation as possible.
Remaining inside Kathmandu, neighbors stare at their homes,.
A Montessori school empty had the.
A building behind,, a small church of tragedy.
The pastor's son up a ladder, looking for an facade to his he.
Teams stop him before he reaches the top.
Is, doesn't
"" he says.
Bodies been pulled from concrete wreckage.
A five-story structure in.
It was wrought balconies.
Pancaked to a third mess of rubble and reinforced.
Has been pulled out of the and rescuers continue to work in a from the fallen bricks.
Officials tell a chance survivors in came.
Struck, under the rubble.
But alive.
It is this hope that keeps Narayan Gurung his wife and 7-year-old are still alive.
"I.
I haven't slept for days, he says.
Workers dig painstakingly, slowly removing debris.
Someone, the body or if.
City there is a police or military presence.
The onlookers close, directing as best they can.
For their part, onlookers shell shocked is outpouring wailing, but a,, of disbelief.
Tundikhel, two days ago,, the a mess of tents.
Made their own, setting up.
Seating has been set up, with people blue tarp tents pitched.
People bring there although is becoming hard find.
People queue for food and water.
There a mobile hospital treated a collection of crushed, broken legs,.
Was hit by a falling brick.
"I felt a fire and I ran hurt a lot."
He says
I am scared.
And so everybody: survived.
(CNN) On July 20, 2012, moviegoers gathered for a midnight screening of "The Dark Knight Rises" at the Century Aurora 16 Multiplex Theater in Aurora, Colorado.
Eighteen minutes into the show a gunman opened fire.
Twelve people were injured.
Goes on trial for 165 counts charges.
He has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.
It's a moment the survivors and those who lost loved ones have waited for.
It's a moment that will be a painful next step toward healing and will no doubt bring back memories.
Ahead of the trial, were changed because of the shooting.
Part of the trial.
Pierce O'Farrill made a last-minute decision to go to the friend.
O'Farrill was shot as he tried to escape.
The shooter stood, and.
The gunman moved in.
Saw told him it.
Kaylan Bailey attended Jamison, his girlfriend, their daughter, Veronica.
Kaylan, at Veronica.
She had watched earlier in the day,,.
When she heard gunfire, Kaylan.
Veronica had been shot.
Was the youngest to die in the theater.
Was later suffered trauma.
Jamison was shot and survived.
Their son Alex, was in the theater with his girlfriend.
When the shooting began, Alex shielded his girlfriend, saving her life and bullets that would his.
The Teveses remember Alex as someone who was fearless, and gave the greatest hugs.
"had a great person taken out of it," Teves said.
Media photos shooter
Marcus was at with his friend Rebecca.
As the gunman opened fire, Marcus and Rebecca dropped to the ground.
The gunshots tried to get,,.
The shots was chaos.
Hit in buckshot, but he made it to exit.
Rebecca.
Remembers a bright and contagious smile.
In their own words, at 2 years after shooting as.
: "I don't think the shooting has defined me as a person.
But I think what I've learned from it, the strength that I've gained from something terrible, has become a defining factor of my life. "
Bailey: "the shooting is life-changing, I"
Caren Teves: "this whole is just endless.
It goes on and on and on. "
Teves: People shy away from you, too.
Because it's just too painful.
And afraid of the fact that you're fact that evil exists.
You're in your persona but in what to your. "
So I just see a different lens.
And it took a while.
I couldn't I.
I just wasn't that person anymore.
I go out to restaurants and stuff.
You know, people talking about it
"I don't think anybody who was in that that night will ever be the same."
O promised us.
He hasn't promised us that...
Just being grateful for every moment I get has been key to my healing. "
Caren It doesn't get any easier.
You just learn better
... You get stronger. "
Just like's going to heal, so will I.
And we'll.
And we'll get stronger. "
I do hope.
Something that's been on my heart since the shooting happened.
And I hope to him and just tell him, 'Look, you know, you tried but,.
There's only one and that's through. '"
Bailey: "I don't forgive him.
He hurt people in.
He hurt families and everybody, honestly. "
: "as -- normally, I forgive someone who asks for forgiveness.
Ask for forgiveness "
Tom: "
But you stand. "
's.
I forgive him.
I don't even...
On. "
O: trial starting, I think, will kind of stir things up.
And it's been something I've been trying to prepare myself for.
Talking to my counselor and,, again, I can't control how it unfolds, you know.
But I can be prepared for it. "
I never.
I don't think it's me.
I don't think I realize what I'm going into. "
"these emotions to for us.
These leave for. "
You start thinking about being on that stand.
You start thinking about the.
You start thinking -- just all kinds of things and what.
And it just races in your head if you let it, you know?
You don't.
Go do something.
Go exercise.
Your. "
O'Farrill: "James Holmes receives going to be part of my.
I understand that other folks are that and that path.
But to. "
So that if he does get the death penalty,, I'll, I don't.
I won't be's.
But deserves it. "
Caren Teaves: "The only justice, for if that thing an Alex sitting us on.
That's justice. "
(CNN) Gunshots were fired at's bus early Sunday in Atlanta.
No one was injured in the shooting and no arrests have been made said.
Police are looking for suspects.
Officers were called to Atlanta,.
They arrived a.m. and located two buses that had been shot multiple times.
Drivers of said the incident occurred on Interstate 285 near Interstate 75.
Limited two to be involved "" and an SUV.
Atlanta for a performance at nightclub Saturday night.
New Delhi, India (CNN) As the earth shook in Nepal, tremors were felt over the border in India.
A call to action: Within hours of the magnitude quake, India began planning a cross-border aid mission.
With each hour of devastation in Nepal -- some 3,862 people are known to have died so far -- India,, got bigger.
On Sunday alone, supplies tons of water, medicine.
More.
Hundreds of landed in Kathmandu quickly got to work.
With each, there was a flight back packed with Indians and other nationals escaping to safety: 2,000 have fled so far.
Monday India crisis, planes flew aid trip by land India's.
On the ground in Nepal India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made a special effort Nepal.
He has visited the country twice in his office.
On Sunday,, he said Indians needed to "wipe Nepali hold hands and stand with them."
Highlights the more proactive role taken by India in recent months.
Just weeks ago, India flexed its muscle to rescue Indians and other.
Is taking Nepal.
Some India friendship is a signal that: China.
Of hard to achieve in the region.
But in times like help.
And rescue operation and long rebuilding.
(CNN) Please, not.
Asked there be quiet on streets they to rest.
And above all violence.
Deaf on Monday.
A handful of people repeated message.
The countless people at police windows, looting and fires.
The peacemakers -- clergy, Gray family and brave residents -- placed themselves.
Their message was
"" said Rev.
Jamal Bryant.
"disrespect to the family.
The family was clear -- saying all -- protest,,.
A that quickly rowdy riot.
Protesters delivered on -- justice for Gray.
The African-American injuries after.
The fits of violence came in about's, Rev.
Said.
They right into it.
"For to come out and walk into this is absolutely inexcusable," he said.
Downtown Baltimore, said it organized to stand in the way.
"We have a line from the Islam to build a wall, men from wall," he said.
Crowds turned,, and police lines.
In receded, flames engulfed stores apartment buildings.
A senior facility burned to the ground.
The blazes stretched departments' resources, as trucks.
Looters streamed into a CVS stores and walked out carry.
A man in a blue sweatshirt tried to talk people down.
To CNN, a store nearby was being looted.
It later went up in flames.
The man didn't, was in his neighborhood in police.
A line of street away.
"They could have moved down here to stop it,".
The Gray family's lawyers family's violence.
It that of Freddie Gray's death, said family Mary.
"That just disintegrated into just looking at city and thinking the" said.
, A handful of individuals kept trying to stop it.
A tall, walked up to a young man confronting riot police.
Slung marched away from police.
They strolled past a crowd, at police,.
Price participation, to spank him.
Before running cameras, she again, driving away from the crowd as.
Police Commissioner Anthony Batts thanked her.
"that took charge of kids there tonight," he said.
After night fell to 10 p.m. curfew for juveniles, stood with his.
Shooed away tempted to approach.
"Go!
Away! "
"I'm just a soldier," said.
He told CNN Joe of the Vietnam War.
Young people on the streets, he said.
To be in and their lives. "
Members of the Crips, two street gangs dealing -- -- others who condemned the rage that swept through their neighborhoods
"who say
'this our community '"wrote Baltimore Sun reporter Twitter.
Members joined's family Monday night on the stage at New Shiloh Baptist Church,.
Coming.
And according to the.
Rev.
Bryant peace treaty.
But police say gang called Family plan to law enforcement, police said
Credible threat. "
Gangs FBI.
End of the day last the press conference.
't good.
"it this violence and" said Gray's stepfather.
"for, said Gray's mother Darden, who wore her son's photo.
"I don't think that's for Freddie," his Gray said.
"I think the violence is wrong."
Their comments, lawyer William took.
Not the change, he said.
Then he got back to the message than the rioting.
Asked for a show church audience of people who had experienced police brutality or personally knew someone who did.
(CNN) A mom apparently taking part in the riots.
By CNN affiliate WMAR, the woman is pulling her away from a crowd, screaming at him.
As he tries to walk away, she follows him, screaming, "Get the f--- over here!"
He turns toward her,.
The boy is dressed in black hoodie, on.
WMAR reports that the woman saw her on television police.
The name of the woman dressed, a was not immediately known.
But Police Commissioner remarks to the media
"if you had one mother who grabbed who head on because,".
(CNN) A professor at Texas A & M Galveston said management were lacked maturity -- and that he would fail.
Irwin Horwitz, an associate professor in the university's administration, told CNN affiliate KPRC that he had finally reached a breaking point.
"Enough was enough
"that they couldn't do and things they should've been able to do."
In the email to students KPRC reported, Horwitz said: ", been 'chill get, and teach' leave to do conduct, '' student" added students rumors about his class.
John Shaw, senior Texas in's class, told KPRC he was worried up after graduation.
",, I never had a problem in the class," Shaw said.
"I thought I had the test and.
An email saying the class, of. "
A of the Texas University its more than 2,000 students.
The vice president and chief academic officer told the university will the planned hand.
University said the take the class.
"None of them have until student would is because he or she performed the the class,".
An off-duty arrested Friday in Washington charged with,, the D.C. Police Department reported.
Was arrested's residence in Washington, according to the police.
He has been placed on administrative leave, the Secret Service said.
Is assigned to the Foreign Missions Branch, according to Secret Service Spokesman Brian Leary.
Is responsible for the Washington.
A police officer went to a residence after receiving a call about a burglary, documents said.
The officer found the front door with broken hinges and broken windows,.
The woman told the officer "leave."
While the Police was at the scene, Baldwin said he was a asked to speak, the document said.
Asked if he kicked the door, Baldwin said, "I not... break windows," the said.
Asked for comment arraignment said "."
His next court date is April 23.
The charge of burglary carries a sentence of up to five years in prison.
The charge carries a sentence of up to 180 days in jail and a fine of up to $1,000.
RELATED of The incident comes as the Secret Service is trying numerous issues and officers have come to light.
More specifics on this incident were not yet available.
(CNN) More than 4,600 dead.
More than 9,000 injured.
Eight million affected across Nepal.
One million in need.
Those are the startling numbers that indicate the scale of devastation from the huge earthquake that struck the Himalayan nation on Saturday.
And grim get worse hopes of survivors.
Its deadliest natural disaster in years.
Coped with the fallout, another natural disaster struck Tuesday afternoon in a popular trekking area north of Kathmandu and people, a trekking association said.
It happened around 4 p.m. National,, president of Nepal.
For Nepal's Home Ministry, said he was aware of reports about the landslide but wasn't immediately able to confirm details.
Quake relief efforts continued Tuesday, officials warned the country and some of desperate need.
In Kathmandu, capital city of, people paid their last respects by.
By the Bagmati River city, more than a dozen funeral pyres burned Monday.
As stoked the flames for the Hindu cremation, mourners shaved their heads in a of mourning from their parents.
Alongside their father, two teenage brothers from the Gurung family, Ishan, said goodbye,.
"this to us.
Much pain, said Ishan of.
Elsewhere in the city, many shaken residents are sleeping in the open.
Others stay in buildings.
Sprung up a the military center of the city is.
Is rubble.
Raj, a man from lost members, said.
He is camping at the military grounds with thousands of others has made the ordeal.
"Many are crying their hardships," he told CNN on Monday.
Showed on Tuesday as thunderstorms rumbled over Kathmandu.
Bad weather is forecast for the region in the coming days.
In one piece of good news, rescue crews pull free under rubble city in rescue.
Toll has climbed in Nepal, Tuesday, as rescue and relief efforts continue.
Nepal Lt. Col. Thapa told CNN the earthquake is the time when the most lives can be saved.
"This is not the time to rest," he said.
Save lives. "
Thapa said an entire military during an avalanche.
"Remember we are force has been help," he said.
"We are victim ourselves
...
The families and houses are down to maintain morale and help. "
Thapa said it was fortunate that the quake struck during daylight on a weekend.
"Children were trapped and people daytime," he said.
The, put the death toll at, while Center said the number of dead was 4,727.
Sources gave the number of people injured.
Another 72 people died in India.
The casualty numbers are believed mainly from area.
They are expected to climb as information emerges from remote areas.
"We have incomplete information the," Minister told CNN earlier on Tuesday.
"We cannot say much exactly."
The Prime Minister Sushil Koirala saying the toll could reach 10,000 and that the country was "on" in its rescue and relief work.
To the nation, the Prime Minister said the country had been stunned by the disaster and three days of mourning, starting Tuesday.
The government is to continue search and rescue operations and relief efforts, he said.
The earthquake will be in time, he added.
At least 90 troops have been deployed to Nepal spokesman.
Countries and agencies promised help said as other nations come to Nepal's aid.
Even as international aid country, are lacking supplies, the rescuers are struggling to reach hard-hit rural areas near the quake's epicenter.
"The biggest problem is reaching villages" communications officer humanitarian, told CNN northwest of Kathmandu.
Nepal struggles Ministry Secretary Sagar Mani, who is coordinating relief efforts, said government efforts been hampered by the helicopters.
The helicopters are.
They don't and conditions.
Given Nepal, we cannot transport much it, "he said.
We don't have enough. "
U.N. coordinator for Nepal, told a news conference Tuesday that bringing relief materials has which has only a limited number of park.
The United Nations is aware of the request, he said, but is working to procure to withstand the expected monsoon rains.
8 million people the 39 of Nepal,, added.
Nepal's million.
Secretary-General Nepal called humanitarian needs "huge."
"The supporting international and rescue and relief efforts," he said.
"count on in Nepal's hour of rebuilding efforts needed."
A team joined a helicopter flight to Dhulikhel rural area, in Kathmandu Valley,.
On landing, the team went to a hospital where all the injured from surrounding districts are being brought.
More than 1,000 people are currently in hospital three times the injured are being out.
Media posts from Nepal World Vision told of frightening levels of villages in earthquake's epicenter.
One out of homes were destroyed and another 70% had collapsed,, most of them children and elderly.
And officials are aware of areas across Nepal's mountainous terrain, daunting challenges getting to them.
"Some of those villages -- several years ago there was vehicle transport -- used to take seven.
Roads to some of villages how long it will take, said.
Injured people airlifted from remote areas suffering from crush injuries,.
Missing loved ones in Nepal?
CNN iReport help UNICEF, the U.N., said 1 million Nepalese children.
Aid at least 16 rushed aid and workers to Nepal on the way.
Efforts Everest, earthquake released deadly.
U.S. citizens are among those on Everest, according to officials.
Climbing the mountain the situation, means the climbing season is over, climber told CNN, evacuated on the mountain.
Its the mountain news reported.
Are you in or loved ones affected?
Share safe.
Victims Fast's Watson and Tim reported from Kathmandu CNN's reported from, and Laura London.
Ravi Opi,, Nepal (CNN) By the time you reach the outskirts of Nepal's capital, even the roads are showing signs of of this earthquake -- struggling to come.
The main highway out of Kathmandu shows massive cracks, the apart by of Saturday.
One lane is gaping, half-meter fissures.
Filled in with rubble and dirt passage to reach their outlying districts.
Takes, along damaged roads to a Ravi.
It is only 30 kilometers (20 miles) east but the journey takes almost two hours -- the times likely to be compounded out from the people.
The community is the main highway, and terraced fields.
They farm here,, and vegetables.
Compared to regions west of Kathmandu and closer,.
Through villages's has suffered.
A village official walks quickly by,% of the houses.
Some are still standing, but precarious and residents aftershocks inside
Through villages quake.
Maili Tamang, is alive, surveys the desolation has wreaked on her life.
We find her close as built with.
She's frail but hardened.
Her leg, bandaged is stretched out in front of her.
She flicks at on the blood- and dressing.
"want to hurt", earthquake struck.
Tamang's house was one of the ones in this rare two-story structure.
Her husband built a lifetime.
Years but her extended family lived until Saturday.
Her quake struck and she was lucky a wooden.
Another had to extricate herself from the rubble and crawl up an embankment.
The woman trapped after fell on way.
She was here have motorized most walk -- to a hospital in a neighboring village, 12 kilometers).
Is.
Throughout, there have been small landslides and people in clearing rubble from the roads.
There is little sign of aid it out.
Out of back their fields.
Near the road a family makes lunch in destroyed.
Elsewhere in Ravi, families of the disaster.
Koiraba lost daughter,, was killed.
2 years old.
When the quake hit, fields many in Kavre, his house after quickly of the tremor.
"I started hands," very his the damaged.
Blood and covered in cuts. "
All left in a, wearing oversized sunglasses.
As rain starts falling -- turning into torrents -- four families been displaced.
're in a makeshift, shelter crowded with frightened people.
I ask one of the young women Koirale if she has any outside help.
"no government has.
One has to see living like this. "
She said it was terrifying
Our house is.
We don't, what we eat.
We don't have clothes,.
Inside houses. "
There was a creeping sense that the worst was over, aftershock overnight.
"We are not safe we are scared,".
And all this minutes drive from the capital.
There are parts of Nepal so remote to reach under normal circumstances -- villages that and areas hardest hit.
Aid has yet to arrive extent how tragedies at.
(CNN) [update 5: p.m.
None of the girls from raided Boko Haram camps identified among Chibok girls, a high-ranking Nigerian official said.
The official did not rule be April.
The official word by end Wednesday.
[Previous story posted at: p.m.
ET rescued 200 girls Tuesday in the, the Nigerian Armed Forces announced on its official Twitter account.
The armed forces could confirm if the rescued were among schoolgirls Boko Haram village.
Military said the rescued girls are and has spoken to their families.
The abduction from Chibok led to an international social media movement, # them.
Boko Haram, militant Islamist group, kidnapping has in custody.
Nigerian troops also captured three terrorist camps in the Sambisa Forest, the armed forces said.
And the Sambisa Forest are in the northeastern part of the country.
Olukolade said troops are still combing the forest.
In recent weeks, Nigerian troops and vigilantes moved into Sambisa Forest, a hideout for Boko Haram.
Last Wednesday the troops had to retreat because of explosive Boko Haram planted in the forest, according to sources and troops.
On Monday, troops on Tuesday afternoon and rescued scores of girls.
Information about the kidnapped schoolgirls has been spotty, with officials conflicting the number of their captors.
"Chibok" correspondent said.
The name Boko Haram translates to "Western" in the local language.
Law Nigeria, a north.
CNN.
A video shoot in Nepal for comedy series took a serious turn on Saturday as the earth began rumbling.
The Nepali were in for their camera series when the earthquake broke out.
Camera streets, homes and sites capturing scenes.
The Pranksters' videos show people's reactions to various "pranks" that challenge cultural norms.
One video shows pranksters walking up to strangers and taking their hands,, another shows their clothes, with mixed results.
Prank on Nepal's ban on plastic bags, Prasai were in Jawalakhel, said in CNN.
The town,, Nepal's Central Zoo.
The was felt the ground shaking around 11 a.m..
People started crying and vehicles came to a standstill as a building collapsed in the background.
A life in Nepal, and "we were a a earthquake," said.
They traversed streets full of crying people.
They found homes, where people were pulling from piles of rubble.
They stopped and the streets clear for emergency vehicles, Sedai said.
They continued they made their way Basantapur, a UNESCO world heritage site, where people crawled among the ruins.
, They realized their country was in "very bad condition," Sedai said.
Nepali Pranksters made it through the first earthquake, families said.
But with aftershocks posing threats, safety is a state of mind now in Nepal.
"We are scared
... Earthquakes are occurring he said
Seoul Korea Lee to resign Monday.
In President Park accepts his resignation.
He transferred his role of chairing meetings to prime minister for the time being, according to his office.
Park resignation called it "regrettable," according to the South Korean presidential office.
For began after tycoon Sung Woan-jong was found in Seoul in on April 9.
Sung, under investigation for bribery, names and amounts of cash to top officials, who work for the President.
Lee and seven other politicians with links to the South Korean President are under investigation.
's team to investigate the case.
Denied as escalated: "If there are any evidence, I.
Prime Minister, will accept Prosecutor Office investigation. "
Said that she is taking the accusations very seriously.
On Central, she condemned corruption in her country.
"and are issues people.
We take this very seriously. "
"make political.
Anyone wrongdoing.
Park and is expected to arrive to South Korea on April 27.
(CNN) out an interview with a journalist who dared movie Downey.
The journalist questions's political "".
Is journalist Guru-Murthy go too far?
Must every interview be to he?
From the start of the 7-minute television interview, Downey is not particularly interested,, a benefit to him -- after all, his film "Avengers: Age of Ultron."
He grows increasingly agitated as the line of questioning remains on-topic; his attitude increasingly.
Over the talks, he makes comments that seem intended to intimidate and imply he's smarter than Guru-Murthy, and repeatedly looks his handler as if to say, "Do I really have to sit here with this guy?"
Point he makes for saying, "
You get to question.
Guru-Murthy asks Downey ","'s tension.
Says, "What are we doing?"
"just asking questions,".
To refuse to answer the question, but that's not what he does next.
The: He smiles, says "bye!"
And stands up to.
Sure!
In a culture where the right to know about who, what they're eating,, when they comment.
Journalists often go too far, even if it's their job.
And certainly not his job.
While Downey may be about questions asked, our business.
Is about entertaining people.
As tend to actors they want to.
This celebrities,, agree to seek recognition.
When the no longer serves them?
They want to bemoan it?
To misunderstand that interview right to ask questions.
That is.
He certainly can answer questions he does not feel appropriate or feel.
Does not have the behavior that is rude, demeaning and disrespectful celebrity he or put-off.
What the video shows is a movie star with a bullying streak.
After he removes his microphone and his handlers him, the actor.
He turns the reporter to look directly at the camera on and says, "
A little ", and kind of a schmuck."
Have "" those moods.
We all have.
In this case,,.
Actor has agreed to an interview.
He has agreed to engage another professional.
Given the, he is not to.
He thinks he can is perhaps celebrity-obsessed -- we revere it surprise that?
A baby boy from the rubble of the earthquake has become the image.
His tiny face is coated in dust as the earth shook on Saturday,, killing and injuring.
His name is Sonit Awal, just four months old.
On Saturday, Sonit was at home in,, capital Kathmandu when the quake sent tremors through Nepal, according.
The house collapsed,, leaving Awal frantically searching amid the rubble.
A desperate called the Army, too scrambled through the debris until midnight,.
Sonit's lost hope of finding his son alive reported cries from below.
On Sunday morning, lifted clear of the fallen rocks,, dust trapped him for hours.
His rescuers held high sun, though wedged.
Sonit was exposed during the ordeal and shawl protected his body during the cold night under.
A.
1.
Here Bernie!
Hillary Clinton is about to get her first official challenger.
Sen. Bernie Sanders could make an announcement within days,, adding to a Democratic race favorite.
Sanders has been exploring a run for, at Democratic event.
"I don't think he can necessarily challenge Hillary Clinton in terms of in terms of,".
, Bringing populist, be interesting to rhetoric "
2.
For wait and... Few think Biden is willing to risk a bid for the Democratic presidential nomination.
But is looking at the race, Julie Hirschfeld Davis of The New York Times reports that this "wait and see" approach is likely to continue for a bit.
"There is a thinking that Clinton point that Democrats need someone a lot of experience and" said.
"And Joe Biden would not mind being the person they talk about as that person.
, As.
3.
Kasich best Ohio Gov.
John Kasich is more visible of late, he thinks he is among the potential Republican 2016 presidential prospects.
A rush to make a declaration.
Some.
But Robert Costa of The Washington Post detailed a conversation with the governor in which Kasich made the case that he need not rush.
"He's not formally moving toward it now," said Costa.
, Relationships,, "
4.
-- often trump campaign.
"elections have consequences" gets.
NPR's Steve Inskeep says the prospect of changes was he some recent the.
"President Obama'a on immigration, and he said on a talk show, 'would reverse them,' said.
"So you are talking people to for not to."
't would.
I think's promise could just Bush.
Changes "
5.
Remember?
The GOP establishment!
No.1 for Republicans in 2016 is taking back the House.
But Senate a -- many competitive races tend to lean blue in presidential years.
So the GOP is putting on candidate, which included an aggressive effort to party candidates viewed.
So in Nevada, retiring is Republican Rep. Joe Heck.
And Colorado Rep. Mike Coffman opened 2014 in a swing Democratic.
-- and those two seats -- have 2016: Reid and Colorado Democrat narrow victories was a.
Peshawar, Pakistan (CNN) Ten people have been sentenced to life in prison for the 2012 attack on Nobel Peace Prize-winning activist, a judge announced Thursday.
The conviction included, according to Pakistani antiterrorism judge Mohammad.
The arrested Swat, Pakistan province spokesman said last September.
That was after then militants for her -- was shot as she was traveling home on a bus.
She survived that attack to become an even more vocal international activist.
Nobel Peace Prize -- shared with last.
(CNN) Even an Indian Air Force helicopter is easy to see that central Nepal, are to see.
In this remote village, 44km from Nepal's capital, Kathmandu, stand as relief flight.
The joint effort between Indian air crew and a Nepalese medical team is the third operation of its kind to reach Saturday's massive 5,000 people.
The aircraft is stuffed to capacity with medicines and packages, instant noodles and rice bundled the Mi-17 by soldiers at the air base in Kathmandu minutes earlier.
Local official Upendra Tamang is down on of village medical waiting to the delivery.
He says people have been desperately awaiting supplies.
The situation in Melamchi and the surrounding villages is tells CNN.
According to National, 1,376 people were killed in Melamchi is located, when the earthquake hit.
Some houses and people have been displaced in the area, says Tamang.
"Everyone is sleeping outside," he says.
He has serious concerns about food supplies in the region, saying the of rice aren't nearly enough to meet the needs.
"Aid agencies need to do something very quickly," he says.
Since the quake, injured people have Melamchi so they can be picked up by the relief flights, he says.
About 500 of the people in the road -- are stuck waiting for help.
Seven of them, five women and two men, are suddenly driven onto the airfield in a truck on the back of a pickup.
Life-threatening look:, exhausted.
An elderly woman is covered in.
Another in pain as she is loaded on to a stretcher back hoisted to the helicopter.
The injured on flight is Forshani Tamang her son.
He tells CNN village Bachunde where.
He and family reach Melamchi.
With their home destroyed and the family are in crisis.
As the helicopter takes off landscape dotted with collapsed buildings and bright tents, doctor Tiwari offers the positive.
The patients' lacerations, he says.
Their vital intravenous drips they recover.
The Kathmandu patients are swiftly unceremoniously laid out in emergency area in need's son feeds relief.
(CNN) Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake on Saturday.
A residents are trekkers who have heard from.
Technology has played a huge role in, search for their missing loved ones.
Several organizations, such as the Red Cross, have published missing on their websites.
Ireport, dozens of people have pleading for help locate their missing relatives.
The death toll in Nepal is rising; it has.
News heartbreaking survival, reconnecting after disaster
The After hearing about reached's embassy in Nepal, posted on social media his younger sister Tashnova.
Tashnova, 25, was with a group of friends, a resort.
When the earthquake struck, she was getting ready,.
She could see the ground splitting apart.
What scared her was boulders crashing down.
She crushed.
She ran from the toppling boulders and.
The friends huddled together and camped overnight, expecting to be rescued.
Days passed and no one came, the group decided to take resort.
The walk toward Kathmandu was treacherous.
The roads near were mostly in bad shape because of a landslide.
The smell of rotting flesh permeated the air as she passed villages flattened by the quake.
"It was a walk".
"My brain refused to putting one leg before the other until mountains were left behind."
Tashnova hiked through mountainous Nepal.
Navigating down mountain she came hitched a ride on a local bus.
She was with her family,, from the airport in waiting.
She was exhausted.
She hadn't showered or slept since before the quake.
When got the call from his sister, he said it felt fantastic
"What was surprising is that her.
't seem in her life, he said.
Little Carol Pineda and her husband,, of Massachusetts, were in Nepal when the quake struck.
Her brother,, got news of the disaster.
It wasn't until he heard the figures reports about the avalanches that he started to get scared.
He was prepared for the worst, knowing they were traveling to Himalayan.
Was knew.
Through what little information left him't include the name of the tour group where they were staying.
He took to social media and calling hiking operated in Nepal was getting to him.
On Sunday, he managed to get his sister's documents with information on the trekking company.
It wasn't until emailing the company, he got a short reply saying that his sister.
That was all the information he wanted to hear he took to to see what other people were doing to track down loved ones.
Several strangers who were in the same location as responded to his social media saying they were fine.
"It was incredible that were stranded to.
At least we knew they were safe, he said.
Monday left a voicemail way to the Kathmandu in
Only one phone left Parajuli, a tour guide,, leading a group of senior citizens -- five and three Nepalese -- from Tibet.
They had stopped for lunch at village,, when the magnitude 7.8 struck.
Once eased, Parajuli noticed that his cell.
His.
A group of travelers and short of food and water.
Group had an phone, but was quickly dying.
To contact anyone, Parajuli made one calling.
Thousands of miles away, Jyotsna Parajuli picked up that call.
Explained the roads were blocked and there was no way to get back to Kathmandu or enter.
The escape was by helicopter.
A rescue team working with the Nepalese army tourists by helicopter, was unable to land because of bad weather.
Other rescue and relief operations in the region have weather.
Crews to help to wait.
Parajuli told 23 people rescued from the on't sure group.
"people in the group are old.
Said the group of the weather, older,, she said.
Is hoping to hear again.
, Share CNN.
Canberra (CNN) ", the last Australian executed abroad was Van by Singapore.
Canberra, was the death penalty Australia's Singapore,.
The executions of Chan and Sukumaran Wednesday will be.
Their will result in short term frictions between Jakarta.
This will soon ease as the two countries have neither side.
's view of Indonesia anger with its government will take.
Those dilemma faced by Indonesia's President he was bound to allow executions.
He ran on, arguing Indonesians die from drugs, disputed.
The saga the would take place dragged on for months ever defense Widodo painted himself into a corner.
Widespread Australian that the President owed power to former President Megawati Sukarnoputri.
To the person in, some that insisted Widodo stand by his and Australian -- or support and reputation as a leader in the process.
As recently as last year, it seemed that Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott empathized with the underlying on.
Working assiduously behind the scenes to clemency the "" duo to even reiterated Australia's opposition.
Australian public did not seem interested in the plight of Chan and Sukumaran.
When stories began to emerge about the the two Australian prisoners respected for fellow prisoners with impressive.
Such regard held for Australian duo jail kept,, urged a reconsideration.
As the duo attracted greater public sympathy the prime ministers urging Jakarta to reconsider -- and popular Australian united behind the plea for mercy.
Under the Abbott government had been doing: urging once reminding Jakarta of the aid that Indonesia has received over the past decade.
Australians have a dim view of how Indonesia has responded.
While and many Indonesian people viewed moral grandstanding from a Australians began to see Indonesia in an unattractive light -- upheld as the shining example of a rising democracy in Southeast Asia.
As the actions of weak and attempting to establish authority at the rehabilitated Australian.
Credible by the defense for Australians was their incapacity to pay the bribe demanded from Indonesia's judicial system.
Galling the government was's refusal even to discuss the issue, Australian to with Indonesian counterparts.
The final straw was Indonesia's decision of four ships handcuffed for execution Australia deliberate backhander Canberra.
The Abbott government take place on Wednesday morning of Australia to Indonesia.
There are unlikely to be any ministerial visits between the two countries for the rest of the year.
While Australia to Indonesia, Canberra will also ensure special favors in the immediate future.
Ongoing cooperation, such as money laundering Australia and Indonesia will together the.
Australia will also to stem the flow will been achieved.
For these reasons the fallout between capitals will be contained.
But while the Indonesian appears as their government, the public Jakarta.
As a democracy the Indonesia a and unpredictable will.
Western Australia Australians are appalled by the pointless executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran.
The ineffective at clearly periods to themselves and make amends looks gratuitous.
Indonesia's more general we give states -- or, more accurately, control the coercive apparatus of the state.
One of the features of state is that it has a monopoly over the violence.
Officials can to be killed -- in democracies we authorize.
We can give no more significant power to another human being than to decide who lives or who dies.
Even where deemed legitimate in Indonesia -- is only seriously considered at moments when the very personal circumstances of some victims become the stuff of popular.
Prominent victims of violence go entirely unremarked.
Be Indonesian President Joko Widodo -- whom so many Indonesia have invested hopes as a -- make a couple of claims.
Indonesia and his promise to crack down on what he and many other Indonesians see as a problem.
Context the need to be seen as giving to him.
A justification for his actions, pleas for mercy.
Whatever we think about principles and administration of justice in Indonesia, at least claim that it is domestic issue.
We Indonesia's, but even-handedly within national borders state.
It is those same the Indonesia's ability -- or even desire -- to violence.
Other -- including such inhibitions and perfectly innocent civilians in the course of one conflict or another.
This propensity for seems especially when we consider another president whom were expected but inevitably disappointed.
After the unilateralism of George W. Bush, Obama was widely predicted to be a president who would not make the sort of catastrophic strategic.
While Obama has been widely criticized for lack of and unwillingness to, this has done nothing to curb the use.
On the contrary, the use of drone strikes has become a key part of America's continuing war on terror.
A cerebral and reflective leader as Obama is to drones as a weapon of choice.
, Obama doesn't of people who.
Unless they're American citizens,.
The recent death of an American a "".
Are these?
Yes and no.
's executions, political.
Clearly kill only one hostages actually.
However other countries are routinely killed such comment.
Is we such deaths state.
Intentions justify another?
Perhaps.
Would encourage the state to if eliminating?
Certainly.
Might?
Perhaps.
Permit to people?
Not any longer, at least.
But before how civilized and humane, perhaps we should pause to consider the violence that inflicted in our name.
The undoubtedly futile.
Moral.
Copyright.
(CNN) It came.
Baltimore handed on Freddie Gray's death over to prosecutors Thursday,.
It's largely a procedural step, Baltimore, the state's attorney charges against the six officers involved will be immediate.
No reports will be made public Anthony said, echoing last receive the files the task force will.
"is providing.
Follow the evidence, said.
The Gray's legal team had expectations otherwise.
"I hate to say this but people are waiting for," said this week "I don't going officials to advise people of to lower their expectations about what's going to happen."
Mayor Rawlings-Blake seemed reluctant to do so during a Thursday interview with CNN.
On whether answers would be forthcoming, the mayor seemed to.
Report "" she said at first, that it also marks a "a process toward justice."
She went on to point officials that releasing information hastily could jeopardize the probe.
Asked again if it was fair for people to assume they would get answers, she said Baltimore officials had a "duty process."
Prodded on whether the public should expect findings didn't "" and explained she had to, about what to expect.
Asked flat out the saga was over, she replied: "Well, it can't be.
There's been no charges.
There's no trial.
It cannot be the end. "
The family understands the process and was warned at the outset to be patient, said.
"We've beginning to come the investigation needed to complete,, are prosecution," she said.
The chaos that has descended on not one, but two investigations, how Gray suffered a fatal injury in police custody.
's death week after his arrest -- the looting,, attacks on police and marauding criminals stoking havoc -- at least updates about the investigations.
Newly appointed Attorney General said the Civil Rights Division "will continue our careful examination of days and weeks."
Baltimore police the Justice Department has been working since October as part of a will assess policies and operations. "
Rawlings-Blake requested that the Justice Department take a look at the police department The Sun reported the that the police misconduct suits since 2011.
Overwhelmingly,, involved in incidents that sparked cleared of criminal charges.
Asked during Thursday yet been if the case involved officers would be for arrests, attorney said the question speculation the Department repair.
It could be the situation at the end of the day about this case and making sure.
It has nothing to do with speculation about any other cases out there.
This family wants justice.
't what could have happened private citizen, she said.
Rawlings-Blake police officials have promised accountability.
"outside" police Capt.
Kowalczyk has said.
We want to be open.
We want to.
We owe it to Gray family to find out exactly what happened. "
According to police, officers encountered Gray and he fled unprovoked. "
Officers gave Gray and carried him -- screaming -- to a police van.
Police station,, took Gray to Maryland Shock Trauma Center, where he died.
An autopsy report indicated Gray died of injury, but has said that the medical examiner was still awaiting a report and a's issuing final report.
So far, officers involved in the arrest: Sgt.
Officer Porter, 25, 26 Brian, 41 and 45.
Of statements investigators said.
Releasing officers is standard procedure and wrongdoing said.
Though the investigation is not yet complete, Batts said there are indications that officers Gray did.
"was buckled in as should've been.
No excuses,, "he said
"We know police employees failed medical attention in a timely manner multiple times."
That Gray has speculation that he was injured during what's known as a "rough ride" or in which officers in van.
Gray incurred injuries van, Batts said is "".
Baltimore police have a task force of 30 investigators -- including members and homicide detectives -- to look into Gray's death,.
Conducted the region seeking video cameras.
Davis, who as head of the Investigations and Bureau, said last week that evidence suggested the Gray made three stops before station.
On Thursday, he said captured evidence of a stop.
Rice and two officers on bikes were the first to see Gray said.
Officers and pursuing Gray, he said.
Freddie Gray occurred,, Davis said last week.
The wagon carrying Gray block stopping the van in leg irons, Davis said last week.
On Thursday, Davis revealed stopped again about a mile from where police.
He did not elaborate on that stop.
, Provided, the van then traveled stopping again "with Gray under investigation," he said.
At that stop,, officers Gray placed in van.
Gray requested a during that stop, he said.
The van then traveled to, about a mile feet from where Gray was and.
There a second prisoner was placed in the van headed back to the building a mile away, the deputy commissioner said.
An ambulance was taken to the hospital.
"It's complex," Davis said of the probe.
"It involves.
Our full, our full and we're. "
(CNN) German police overnight thwarted a terrorist couple, a plan they suspect involved a Frankfurt German terrorism by investigators on Thursday.
A man and a woman had been arrested in the Frankfurt-area town of Oberursel on suspicion of planning a attack, but authorities did not reveal the target.
The target, according to Florian Flade,, was a race planned for Friday.
Frankfurt.
Albrecht Schreiber said be of ammunition the rifle of concentrations has been used in multiple plots in the West, including the bombings.
Earlier Thursday, Hemmes a spokesman for police Hesse two forested hills west had been searched.
A of what had been found, police along the L3004 road Hemmes said.
"We suspect that there was a background," said the interior minister referring Islam.
"Police investigations at this stage indicate an Islamist attack."
A terrorism researcher who broke the police raids told CNN that a German couple Turkish descent and D. -- were under arrest.
The couple had ties to radical Islamist circles in the Frankfurt area.
Is suspected of having direct links to the terrorist group.
Last week German police D. moving a near where he was living.
They was looking for a place to bomb along the route, according to Flade.
Flade said according to police police became aware when they went to a garden center purchase.
The contacted police for several reasons.
The first was that the woman was in a.
That the couple claimed to buy hydrogen peroxide to clean in were ordering would have been dozens of such.
Furthermore, after police thwarted a German in September 2007 -- the -- German report.
According to,, investigators began to figure out.
All they had to go on was the surveillance footage.
Woman veiled and her male companion tape, they did not immediately know who they were.
In were able to identify and start surveillance to investigate the couple's radical ties.
According to, police had traveled to Spain, where they met with members, linked in the United Kingdom.
Police had monitored the.
The couple had links to radicals who fight with al Qaeda affiliate the couple were in contact with a radical who had gone to fight at the end of last year and was recently killed.
The bomb recovered devices by Tamerlan.
Flade said the recovered shrapnel.
The Boston bombers downloaded Inspire, an online Engish language magazine by al Qaeda in Yemen, which has also been translated into other languages.
In 2013's intelligence and security that Inspire "read by those involved in seven of the 10 attacks planned within the ().
We judge that it significantly enhanced the capability of individuals in these 10 attack plots. "
, Germany is grappling with an unprecedented terrorist threat because of the high number of its citizens who have traveled to Syria.
In recent years there has been growing concern over Turkish.
Is particularly individuals of Turkish descent most traveling to Syria.
Almost 700 Germans are believed to have traveled to Syria and Iraq up to 90.
One-third have returned to Germany and 80 have been killed.
There has only been one attack in 11 -- the shooting death of U.S. a in March.
CNN Nepal triumphed as pulled from the rubble of a multistory building in Kathmandu.
A crowd in on a stretcher.
He was wearing a neck brace, was blanketed and had the look of a deer in headlights.
His rescuer, Lakshman of said Tamang was showed signs of serious injury.
He and rushed from the Gongapur area to emergency aid.
The Nepalese rescuers had five hours to locate after debris.
Thursday, a U.S. forces rescued 30 people, by helicopter from an area called Village, according to the U.S. ambassador to Nepal.
The group was trapped in the village and living in a makeshift shelter, Ambassador said.
The families had contacted the where were stuck, he said.
The area said.
An team was also involved in the rescue of the 15 year old boy.
The team at nearby damaged got.
Head of the team, said rushed from breaching tools to sophisticated probe the rubble.
He said the operation carried enormous chunks of the collapsed building hung precariously on.
To people fans and beds still draped with sheets.
A mountain of loss and sorrow
"It's dangerous," said,.
"risk.
Save life, everything
"The the" said.
Tamang cried for water.
He buried for five days under a building that pancaked.
He dodged death him concrete and steel, according to Basnet.
, Basnet said he "survived."
Dennis Bautista, who where Tamang to aid, called the rescue amazing
"It feels.
I can't imagine what he went through, ".
"He is a young man."
Basnet said Tamang tried to reassure him that he would be OK., Basnet said.
After Tamang was rushed to hospital, the search.
The remained survived.
Rescue teams scour Kathmandu's rubble Thursday.
For the magnitude-7.8 earthquake, killing at least 6,134 people and wounding according to Nepali authorities.
Another 72 people were reported dead in India and 25 in China.
Nepal Mount Everest quake triggered deadly avalanches.
Despite the disaster, Nepali authorities plans to reopen routes up the mountain next week.
Teams are clearing ladders, Tourism Ministry spokesman Krishna told CNN on Thursday.
Officials received permission to climb to ahead.
As chances for finding people alive wreckage Nepal's rescue boosted hopes for loved ones and friends.
Saved from under collapsed a 27-year-old Tuesday boy.
The Nepali also released a photo of said rescued hours under the rubble.
Rescuers, meanwhile, have for more.
The earthquake in Haiti,, the was thought for survival.
Pulled from rubble after 27.
(CNN) Shortly after being elected chief prosecutor, Baltimore City State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby said "toughest job in America."
Took over her post in January now faces what is likely to be the toughest case of her career Baltimore police officers in the controversial death of Freddie Gray.
Police custody from a fatal spinal cord injury week after he was arrested.
Six officers involved have been suspended pending an investigation.
Mosby, who comes from a long line of police officers, including her grandfather, role to draw national attention to the communities they serve.
"police and things on us is of public service,".
Freddie Gray's mysterious death has turned the largely black city nation into a Monday erupted in rioting in.
10 p.m. effect two days ago, have joined Baltimore police.
As police handed their investigative files to attorney's a day earlier than planned, supporters of the former lawyer expressed confidence in Mosby's ability to handle the volatile case.
"We're enthusiastic about the new prosecutor," said..
"She comes in the integrity of investigations.
We have much more confidence in her than we have the police's be investigating. "
In a statement Thursday she had received's investigative report.
Said police have findings, independent April.
"While we have and will continue to leverage the information received, we are not relying solely on the facts gathered and verified," Mosby said.
"We ask for the public to remain patient and peaceful and trust the justice system."
Mosby is married to Nick Mosby of West erupted earlier this week.
The couple have two daughters.
"She told CNN on Thursday.
She's a strong woman.
Was for this...
I service the right right person at the right time.
Know her heart convicted justice will be across the board. "
During her campaign, Mosby spoke about shooting death.
"I learned very early on that the justice system isn't just the police state" she said.
"It's much more than that.
That we are the justice system.
Community, justice system victims. "
Mosby said's her criminal justice system.
"Having to go to court and deal with prosecutors," she said.
"neighbor to the way the district attorney's that inspired me."
Mosby grew up in Boston,,.
At the age of 6, was accepted in a school desegregation program in Massachusetts.
She later participated in a the civil rights movement.
"having that awesome experience to be an attorney," she said during her campaign.
A. Dwight Pettit attorney and Mosby she will "deliver on doing it right,.
I'm confident in that
"and part of what was integrity, and so I believe that she will move in a methodical way," he said.
"think she will follow the evidence.
I think she will follow public opinion. "
When she was sworn in as chief earlier this year brought up the lack of trust between the community and police.
"Our time to repair that, to come together collectively to break down the barriers to progress in our communities is now," she said.
Mosby added, "As a black woman who understands how the criminal justice system affects communities of color, I will seek justice on your behalf."
As are Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, Police Commissioner Anthony Batts and other leading Baltimore officials.
Baltimore's face disparities when it comes to poverty,.
Mosby's Mayor Kurt Schmoke, NAACP president and now Gray's family.
Former state's attorney and Baltimore mayor, said Mosby's background will buy time anxious for justice.
"I think that the patience will actually increase primarily because the attorney Marilyn Mosby" he said.
"She has the community will allow that patience.
That people right to do it. "
Mosby Bernstein as state's attorney in a 2014 election.
"Baltimore prosecutors see court we've got the toughest job in America," she said after the election.
Mary Koch, attorney for Gray's family, said the new prosecutor has her work cut out for her.
"The they arrived at that's job," said Koch "That's her job.
(CNN) Kim is 89 now, and is going blind.
She knows her is fading, unassisted.
But her eyes burn with a passion redressing her suffering of a lifetime.
Tokyo foreign in a wheelchair, after from of interviews.
The nightmares from five years as a sex slave of the Japanese,, are still crystal clear.
Determined to share her story,.
"My only wish.
Before, Kim.
Was when the Japanese came to her village in Korea.
She says they told her she had no choice but to leave to support the war effort at a sewing factory.
"There was no option not to go," she recalls.
Instead, Kim says she ended up in military brothels in.
With 30 women, says forced to do -- should.
Kim describes endless soldiers lined up outside. "
Often they were close to the front lines, they could hear the battles of World War Two.
"Our job was to the soldiers," she says.
On would start at noon.
And it would.
There was always a long line.
Sunday was..
To count how many. "
Each soldier took minutes.
They usually kept their leg wraps on, so the solider.
Kim says it was, exhausting, and excruciating
It was over,.
It went on for such a long time.
By the time, I couldn.
After the year,, she says.
Believes the years of physical abuse took a permanent toll on her.
Tears stream down her cheeks as she explains how she was never able to.
"When the Japanese military beat me".
"There are.
Even.
I can't live.
. "
Part of an NGO called the "Council for the for Sexual Japan" is fighting for an apology.
Some Japanese ministers have apologized in the past, but the NGO believes.
Maintains the wrongdoing was cleared by a treaty signed between Korea and Japan.
Kim matches testimony from other "comfort women."
As Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to the United States, former slave plea an estimated 200,000 comfort women,.
Many want.
Critics say Abe.
They government is trying to whitewash the comfort women prostitutes official military policy.
"When it comes to it is pretty much unique to Japan.
Germany it to a smaller degree.
But in the Japanese case it was,, says Koichi Nakano, a professor of political science at Tokyo University.
Out since Abe came to office has removing references to "comfort women" from Japanese textbooks.
What critics call.
"(women) have gone through tremendous trauma.
The Japanese government risks discrediting their they were lies, "says.
Abe insists and other Prime Ministers have made repeated apologies.
"I am deeply pained to women immeasurable pain and suffering," Abe told lawmakers.
Abe gave a statement during a press conference, -- leading critics to question Abe of the issue.
Abe has said he does not believe in the military.
Nakano says Abe and conservative lawmakers feel "."
"'s plot by other Asian countries to sully the Japanese name."
's to War Two Kim pressure more.
The excuses she says are hampering her efforts to.
"say evidence.
(CNN) About a dozen Native American walked off the set of an Adam Sandler movie,, according to a report.
Occurred Wednesday on the set of "" New Mexico, according to Indian Country Media Network.
"Beaver Breath" and actress portraying an Apache woman to squat and peace,.
When doing this film, I and I felt so conflicted
... to the producers about our concerns.
They just told us, 'you guys are so sensitive,,' ", Navajo one who left.
"Nothing has changed," she told.
"We are just Hollywood Indians."
"They were being disrespectful," added Hill,.
"They were bringing those defending the Washington).
Tell is not for sale. "
's Happy Productions as part of a four-picture, "" also stars,, John Turturro, and, among others.
Describes the movie as a spoof on "" classic gunfighters who protect a village from a group of bandits.
The movie was co-written is being directed.
Playing include Custer and Mark, according to.
The morning criticizing his.
"adult.
Respect others Americans, "wrote one commenter.
In a statement sent, movie as satire: "The movie has in:.
It Western stereotypes featuring diverse cast is only joke.
The actors spoke to laughing, however.
One,, posted a photo to the set Monday with a comment saying "great cast, great crew and feeling here."
Navajo actor disillusioned and joined others in walking out.
He told felt costumes wore to portray Apache.
"We, was really stereotypical and we did not look Apache.
More like Comanche said.
According to ICTMN, a Native American hired to ensure authenticity also walked off the set in protest.
Hill,, hope the producers and cast members resolved "us," he told.
A comedy we. "
(CNN) Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is scheduled to speak Wednesday to a joint meeting of Congress.
The marks the first time that the head of the Japanese government will address the entire U.S. Congress, and given the U.S.-Japan relationship, it is an invitation.
So Prime Minister Abe has garnered much less attention than last month's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Survey by the Pew Research Center "" Abe, underscoring how difficult it is for the administration to sell its much-vaunted "pivot" or "rebalance" to the American public.
, Abe an opportune time to help economic centerpiece of the "pivot," the Trans-Pacific Partnership Free Trade Agreement or TPP.
TPP is a potentially massive trade agreement involving the United States, --.
Its potential impact, allows the United States to Asia to such the Partnership.
The stakes, therefore, are significant.
But so is some opposition to an agreement.
Prominent Democrats such as Ohio Sen. Sherrod Brown and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren critical of the TPP, such as one.
The battle in Congress is not over the TPP but something called trade promotion authority, Fast-Track. "
Trade promotion authority would come before Congress without amendment on the books.
The power to use trade promotion authority, however, must be periodically reauthorized.
Congress voted to give trade promotion authority, but that authority expired in 2007 and has not been renewed.
There is near universal agreement that Congress reauthorizes trade, are the.
Republicans control both houses of Congress and are supportive of free trade.
While passage of trade promotion authority in the Senate is likely, the result in the House,, is less certain.
Because Republicans President, are certainly aware of the ramifications of the promotion vote.
The fact that Republicans would be supporting the proposal will not prevent Democrats -- and labor -- from using the vote as a crucial 2014 midterm.
If trade promotion authority over the TPP.
Provisions in trade promotion voted out of the will require Congress TPP.
Throws the TPP directly into the the 2016 presidential race.
Democrats Clinton TPP may go a long way.
Still, hard TPP without some.
Which brings us to Prime Minister Abe.
The anniversary of the end of World War II will be Prime Minister says regarding his nation's conflict.
In the eyes of many Korea, Japan has sufficiently apologized for its past transgressions, while the United States expressed disappointment over a visit to the Yasukuni Shrine.
Despite such criticisms, a Pew plurality in the United States thinks the apologies that Japan has in the past about the war are sufficient.
As a result,, Abe's words about TPP will be of questions.
So what say and will TPP sway?
Certainly, Abe has a lot riding on he has faced opposition who are usually firm backers of his Democratic Party, and could be hurt politically if the negotiations collapse.
The big challenge for Abe on Wednesday to reframe the authority and the TPP in a way that convinces the people trade the China.
It's a tall, unlikely the public will be paying attention.
A deal that will have repercussions not just for the, but for's Asia.
Afghanistan (CNN) is,, but the message is clear -- allegiance in Afghanistan.
With America Taliban, men -- worse.
A fighters filmed by cameraman ISIS flags in a of Kabul capital.
Afghanistan.
An Afghan President, has termed a "threat."
U.S. officials CNN has spoken to voiced concern for ISIS.
One U.S. military officer said the have limited trying to recruit disillusioned Taliban in areas around the country's south.
"There has been some very of recruitment that has happened," Colonel J B told CNN.
Have Taliban politically newer that.
It doesn't mean.
We are concerned about it --.
But I see an effect. "
In the, the men, high kicks.
They,.
They are masked in military-style uniforms.
How locals seemed to keep their distance from them.
It is rivalry between the nascent Taliban who remain in Afghanistan is fierce enough the fighters could be.
Is with Taliban appears.
One of them told: "contacts with IS group) (Afghanistan).
"He called us saying: 'the IS come let's join them.'
We pledged allegiance to them. "
Allowed to film they say use to Iraq.
They said they deny any association with the Taliban.
They try yet more recruits.
Online,, on their smartphones.
The went on to explain that they were currently talking to the Taliban to determine whether they would work with or rival them.
He added designating a new ISIS in Afghanistan,, a strike earlier in the year.
The government played down the ISIS presence, during his recent trip Ghani struck a different tone.
We are.
The terrorists boundaries to spread their.
Is already to Afghanistan, using the pejorative used to describe ISIS in the region.
There is evidence to suggest that ISIS.
A series of brutal attacks on civilian buses have in the past month.
In February, the group -- were abducted from province in the south.
They have yet to return.
In, central Afghanistan, killing including women and children.
ISIS the Taliban denied responsibility for the attacks.
Of told CNN: say they IS is in Syria. "
Info on ISIS whereabouts in the country is hard to come by.
To local officials from five regions of the terror group,.
"People foreigners from clothes and having of Khak and parts."
"Those foreigners are carrying.
They have weapons and vehicles.
Their families.
Nangarhar: MP Esmatullah Shinwari says: "According to black have been seen in Nangarhar's Haska Mina district -- and local Abdul Khaleq, claiming to be ISIS in"
Haji Ahmad says: "According to local officials foreign fighters have been in the district of Khak wearing [with].
They have vehicles and are local normal. "
"They are in areas of Safid,.
I cannot confirm they are ISIS. "
Shir says: "I think fighters from Taliban members who the Taliban name flags black in order to.
Know that black flags have been seen in province by ex-Taliban fighters. "
Deputy Mohammad Ahmadi says: "There are ex-Taliban fighters operating under the name of ISIS at the moment who have changed from.
There clashes between Taliban fighters... should be in control. "
(CNN) Les Moonves sits in Hollywood's.
As the president of CBS,, a powerful network every waiter wants to be an actor.
But when he West Hollywood last year, reversed.
This time, Moonves' waiter,, was serving up a mouthwatering opportunity that had nothing to do with the diavolo.
Instead, he was offering Moonves an to boxing: Manny Pacquiao.
"boxing love of boxing gave me the confidence to say to him 'Give me a chance,'" said in and "."
"I said 'I can help make this fight happen,' and he looked at me like, 'I'm listening.'"
That's Salvador told Moonves his son trained at the gym owned by Roach, Pacquiao's trainer, and that he.
Point told CNN he to to Roach.
But got phone from his son, was skeptical of his plan.
Everybody already tried, his son said.
But Salvador made the call.
"I said, 'Listen, I can help make this fight happen,'" Salvador said in an interview with CNN.
Salvador helped set up a meeting Moonves at in Beverly Hills that he says began with a discussion boxing.
Moonves said '' said Salvador.
Salvador's role ended.
A meetings between both sides stalemate Pacquiao and Mayweather entering the ring.
The May 2 fight on the -- to as much as $600 million.
With that, media buzz around Salvador's story, questions circulated over,, the fight.
Asked, downplayed's role.
"For him number I don't think he deserves's," told CNN.
Promoter Bob Salvador "10 minutes of fame," though Salvador "."
Salvador insists he is not seeking money, and confirmed his role.
"My sitting at the fight," Salvador said.
Moonves made promise -- Salvador on Saturday night.
"It's about taking," said.
Atlanta (CNN) A judge, declaring he wasn't "comfortable" with prison terms given earlier to three in the Atlanta Public Schools scandal,.
"I'm" Superior Court Judge said he.
A judge home over wrong is wrong. "
Cotman, also were to serve on probation, pay fines and work 2,000 hours in community service.
Under fire from leaders eight teachers stood trial.
They accused in an effort to raise tests at answers.
Outside of court, Benjamin Davis,, questioned the judge's rationale down a few weeks.
"judge said
"What was going on with Judge Baxter?"
Davis-Williams said she was pleased judge.
Her attorney, Teresa Mann, added, "
Judge.
During an April 14 hearing probation.
Baxter said his "myself regrets."
During the sentencing hearing, Baxter was frustrated when defendants didn't admit their guilt.
"Everybody was going on and your client promoted it," Baxter said to an.
At one point he said, "
Kids. "
At a press conference held convicted insisted they were innocent.
"I.
A racketeer, said Diane former teacher.
All defendants sentenced to prison have out.
Sentences ranging from one to two years -- have not been reduced.
The cheating is believed to date back to 2001 aptitude tests improved according to a indictment.
The indictment also states that for years between test answers were altered, falsely.
Michael Bowers, a Georgia attorney who investigated the cheating scandal, said in 2013 that there were "" in and out of classrooms, teachers were told to tests.
Bowers said educators cheated of,, careers or jobs.
Of 35 educators indicted, more than 20 took a plea deal.
Twelve educators went on trial six months ago, with 11 convicted and one acquitted 1.
Of the 11 convicted,, waived their sentences.
The sentencing been sentenced.
On Thursday urged the defendants to while they're appealing.
He said punishment if convictions are upheld.
Judge said he was tired of dealing with the "."
"I'm.
(The Hollywood Reporter) character to the cast of "X-Men," with director Bryan Singer announcing that Psylocke in "X-Men: Days of Future Past."
Singer revealed the "Newsroom" actress would play in the movie ().
"is currently in production for a 2016 release.
More "X-Men" Jubilee The comic was created by Chris Claremont and for the British 1970s in 1987's "Uncanny X-Men" No.
213.
Time she and spin-off "Exiles" "."
Munn will join Fassbender theaters 2016.
Is repped by Creative Artists Agency and.
More: ""
©.
(CNN) Some of the Indianapolis police force are giving.
Beginning Friday, uniform will be white for staff members of the Indianapolis Police Department.
In a statement, the department said the change is being made as part of its effort to of. "
Police departments police "said the uniform ranks the department is" in. "
Although not a uniform makeover, officials said the white will make command-level the rank on officers,.
Color be worn deputy assistant chiefs and chief of police.
"staff personnel publicly leading from the front, the the statement said.
Wearing white uniform can be viewed as the of the police. "
(CNN) Tarsis Thale has a small business selling T-shirts in Johannesburg.
Normally requires him to walk the streets of the home for years.
But at the moment he is not an option.
Afraid.
The reason is a wave that swept the country in recent days, leaving several dead as authorities scrambled to detain those responsible and prevent further bloodshed.
The surge in violence is blaming the,, labor between locals.
Unemployment in impoverished areas has also been a factor.
Has refuge at shelters.
Thale fears he'll be attacked if he goes to work.
"I know attack's stressful for me," he told CNN.
"We to end -- how am I going to feed my wife?"
CNN spoke has caused South African President Jacob Zuma to postpone scrambling to prevent further clashes.
Minister South Africa police thin to halt attacks.
Zimbabwe immigrant says.
He works in Johannesburg as a cleaner, where workers buy food and basic supplies at his.
A role he hears many South Africans say should.
He feels the government has to respond to the violence, which has erupted in various cities over the past few years.
"they arrest and sentence the perpetrators," he says.
Meanwhile left the South African capital in 2012, working as a waiter until the worked.
Studies, he feels the situation in South Africa is more complex than a "."
He believes the blame lies heavily on what he calls's its people.
"the result of malaise in South Africans
A empowering for jobs they deserve. "
South Africa turmoil '' poor Kodwo Amissah, a hotel receptionist from now in the town of's province.
He far from the violence still follow the news with alarm.
"I fear it may spread because may unrest," he said.
However he praised the government's response to the attacks.
(CNN) They left Iran,.
Best refugees.
Iran is a lesbian.
A trip to the don't in your country. "
Live there in fear of.
Homosexuality is illegal.
If convicted of engaging in sexual acts.
Another person of the same sex can earn corporal punishment,.
Others have been pressured to undergo gender reassignment.
Psychologists in Iran have reportedly pushed LGBT patients toward eventually surgery.
Some flee the country, homosexuals who believe they may be outed.
Many, the town of Denizli lesbians from Iran in limbo.
Rasti, of Iranian parents, from her home in Geneva her fascination with identity issues in Iran.
"I couldn't understand (homosexuality)," she said.
"A lot.
A cultural difference between Europe.
Rasti, project was part of'Art Lausanne, said that when she went to Turkey, people.
They didn't trust trust strangers,.
A process to become friends.
She would talk about their stories then discuss with them her ideas for what the photo would be.
I took part their imagine said.
Challenge.
CNNPhotos the conversation about photography
"It identity even we see faces," she said.
She hopes the images will give each of the face country "."
Rasti, said once people understood her sincerity, and the project, they agreed to be photographed.
Rasti, a photographer for four years to give a view of these refugees.
Despite their status -- earn a living years papers to go to new country -- the refugees are still full of hope and love their lives, Rasti said.
It's even more remarkable,, when having to flee their families, many left to pursue.
Most eventually go to country.
Rasti some now live in Canada.
A, hoping to keep homosexuality.
Rasti hopes her photos spark dialogue.
"The reason I did this I want use to talk about something that is important," she said.
"let people know people not.
About. "
(CNN Hawkeye is a master bow.
Secret super-talent at singing Ed.
On "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon," showcase some of his.
Fallon 'featuring will.i.am "Listen I've got powers.
Can do much more than just archery, "he crooned of" Out Loud.
Those talents, we're told,, his abilities on the trombone.
Nope, Thor would definitely.
A one-hit wonder in "" The Hurt Locker "".
Watch See Billboard.com.
© 2015.
Los Angeles (CNN) Former rap mogul "Suge" Knight pleaded not guilty to charges related to a fatal hit-and-run in January in California.
His attorney asked the court to reduce Knight's bail now set at $10 million, but Los Angeles County Judge Ronald Coen denied the request.
The judge lowered Knight's bail earlier this month,.
Knight faces for attempted murder in the case "" in one count.
Knight, 49, faces life in prison.
Accused of the two during an argument.
In court, Sloan, declined to identify Knight as his attacker because Sloan doesn't want to be a "snitch" to prison, according to CNN affiliates KTLA.
Prosecutors, but refused the preliminary hearing, the reported.
The deadly incident occurred south of Los Angeles on 29 "Straight Outta Compton," about influential rap group N.W.A.
At the time, was out on bail in a separate robbery.
The alleged spilled over the parking lot of.
The videotape shows a truck.
In the video, the truck pulls into Sloan,.
The two appear to talk for a few moments, with vehicle.
Suddenly, the vehicle backs up,.
While still in reverse, the truck moves out of range of the security camera.
The vehicle is seen,, a second time running over the man, Carter, owner.
Carter, 55, later died.
Fletcher argued that Knight was the victim and was defending himself,.
Fletcher added that Knight's to stand his ground.
The incident is with Knight who in 1991 () and Tupac Shakur.
Knight was driving passenger when the rapper was shot in Las Vegas in 1996.
Shortly afterward, Knight spent several years in prison for and.
Along with Shakur's death, Knight and a number of desertions -- in 2006.
(CNN) The nominations for the 69th Annual Tony Awards were announced Tuesday morning.
Winner and three-time Parker unveiled the nominees with is set to make his debut in "."
The awards are set to be handed out in a ceremony airing on CBS (on).
Kristin Chenoweth nominee for ", and star are set to host.
The full list of nominees is below.
\{FAIL\}
Producers: Kevin Markley Karmazin "The Visit", Tom Filipowski Best L., Koenigsberg Theatricals, Levy "The On" Kagan Harris and Badway Kane, Production & Stage "On" Producers: Todd C., Best Musical "Fun Home," Lisa Kron "Something Rotten!"
Karey Kirkpatrick and John O'Farrell "The Visit," Best (Music) the Theatre "Fun Home" Music: Jeanine Tesori Lyrics: The Last Ship "Music & Lyrics: Sting" Something Rotten! "
Music and "The Visit" Music Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Play Steven Boyer, "Hand to God" Bradley Cooper, "The Elephant Man" Ben Miles, "Wolf Hall Parts One & Two" Bill Nighy, "Skylight" Alex Sharp, "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role in a Play Geneva Carr, "Hand to God" Helen Mirren, "The Audience" Elisabeth Moss, "The Heidi Chronicles" Carey Mulligan, "Skylight" Ruth Wilson, "Constellations" Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Musical Michael Cerveris, "Fun Home" Robert Fairchild, "An American in Paris" Brian d'Arcy James, "Something Rotten!"
In "On the Twentieth Century" "The Elephant Man" "Wolf Hall Parts One & Two" Clarkson, "The Elephant Man" Leonard, "Wolf Hall Parts One & Two" Sarah Stiles, "", "" Actor Christian Borle, "Something Rotten!"
Andy, "On the Twentieth Century" Brad Oscar, "Something Rotten!"
Brandon "Paris" von Essen, "An American in Paris" Best Performance by Actress in a Musical Victoria "", "Fun Home" "Fun Home" "The King and I" "Fun Home" Best Scenic Design of a Play Christie Ross, "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" Bob Crowley, "Skylight" Christopher Oram, "Wolf Hall Parts One & Two" David Rockwell, "You Can't Take It with You" Best Scenic Design of a Musical Bob Crowley and 59 Productions, "An American in Paris" David Rockwell, "On the Twentieth Century" Michael Yeargan, "The King and I" David Zinn, "Fun Home" Best Costume Design of a Play Bob Crowley, "The Audience" Jane Greenwood, "You Can't Take It with You" Christopher Oram, "Wolf Hall Parts One & Two" David Zinn, "Airline Highway" Best Costume Design of a Musical Gregg Barnes, "Something Rotten!"
, "The King and I" Design, "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" Constable "Wolf Hall Parts One & Two", "The King and I", "An American in Paris", "Fun Home", "The Visit" Best Direction of a Play Stephen Daldry, "Skylight" Marianne Elliott, "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" Scott Ellis, "You Can't Take It with You" Jeremy Herrin, "Wolf Hall Parts One & Two" Moritz von Stuelpnagel, "Hand to God" Best Direction of a Musical Sam Gold, "Fun Home" Casey Nicholaw, "Something Rotten!"
, "On the Town", "The King and I" Christopher Wheeldon, "An American in Paris" Best Choreography Joshua Bergasse, "On the Town" Gattelli, "The King and I" Graham & for Assembly, "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" Casey Nicholaw, "Something Rotten!"
Christopher Wheeldon, "American" Best Christopher,, Elliott, "Paris" Clancy, "Fun Home" "!"
, And in Special Tony Award in the Theatre Theatre,, Tony Theatre Arnold'Donovan © The Hollywood Reporter.
(CNN) Jared Leto the Joker.
Oscar winner white makeup () to portray the Clown Prince of Crime in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad."
August 5, 2016 "" on series stars.
Twitter users got their first look at Friday night and memes.
Comparisons "" people media work weekend.
(CNN) It's life Jay Z, especially on Twitter.
Uber private / entrepreneur broke out of his usually reserved social media over the weekend to defend the new streaming service Tidal.
The hashtag he company has been doing a stellar job in taking on Spotify.
The subscription-based music service a artists such as, and Jay Z's singer told the crowd was "first ever artist-owned."
CNN TIDAL music service to be after its debut, there's chatter that the and "" tweets denying were met with some derision.
(The Hollywood Reporter) Good news arrived Thursday for "Fifty Shades of Grey" fans.
Universal announced the sequel Feb. 10, 2017.
The third film in the series will debut.
Hollywood Reporter reported the husband of author of the "Fifty Shades" trilogy will write the script.
Niall Leonard, who has two sons,, in addition to being a screenwriter.
James real has been keeping strong comes to Universal adaptations second "Fifty Shades Darker."
With James Taylor-Johnson direct the sequel.
Stars Dakota Johnson are negotiating for money for the film, year, earned a.
©.
(CNN) People magazine has anointed Sandra Bullock the world's most beautiful woman of 2015, the publication revealed Wednesday.
, 50, joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor, including last year's cover girl,, and 2013.
She seems to be taking it all in stride, calling the whole thing "ridiculous."
"beauty.
In this town, it's just not to 'I need to look like that' "
"be a person;; in you who looks like they're in.
Who aren't. "
The cover story focuses her son, Louis, 5, to fit past her 40s.
"and told him that I'm gray and more wrinkly now, she said.
"And he asked why I have wrinkles, and I said, 'Well so much.'
'You're just happy.'
"Oscar-winning star said she's happy with who she is.
"healthy about look in the mirror and who."
The selection Bullock receive top list,,
Choice!
Talented,!
It's done! "
One fan on People's.
This year:,
(CNN) cosmologist Stephen Hawking has proved on "The Big Bang," and now he's trying his hand at musicals.
Hawking has partnered with the signature "Galaxy Song" from "."
The is in honor Record Store Day when the single will be available.
The video is to thing.
Fellow Cox "Song" Hawking,, zooms over Cox.
Hawking continues the song in his computerized voice.
Hawking then launches into a ride and cosmos.
From Monty Python during its.
40 of '' The of Python "Galaxy Song" written by member Eric Idle, along with John Du, and is "an informative lecture on the song," according to's site.
Hawking's download.
's Hawking's music also featured on the song "."
"Galaxy Song" is below.
A of: that that's revolving at miles.
That's orbiting a it's.
A sun that's.
The sun and you and me and all the stars that we see 1
() He was and in the eyes of boyhood friends.
He was a captured killer in the his.
Dzhokhar "" Tsarnaev's defense team is for his part ago murder.
Focused, portraying Tamerlan as harsh,, to the younger brother who tagged, one witness said, "like a puppy."
The sentencing phase of the case will resume Monday.
The jury Thursday.
Tsarnaev was convicted April 8 on all 30 counts,.
The defense from one brother to the other in the ambulances rushed the brothers final police, Massachusetts.
Limiting gunshot wounds became combative in the ambulance.
A paramedic testified Wednesday that it was in shock to fight back.
"an abdominal wound, it was an evisceration,".
It was a "penetrating wound,".
"we tried, he type, said.
"He was yelling,.
Was trying were holding him on the stretcher.
The, was cooperative after hours later applied said Lee.
He questions, giving his was.
Then he asked a question: "Where is my brother?"
The showed a series of photographs that demonstrated how the brothers.
The younger brother has been portrayed.
One of Tamerlan's testified "."
The that the Boston Marathon bombings would have happened if it weren't for Tamerlan.
As obsessed with jihad, spending computer al Qaeda-style websites.
An uncle in Russia told the FBI that in 2012, "
Was questioned by the FBI jail.
FBI summary of the interview read in court.
His nephew had contacts with people "," the jihadists.
Tamerlan's from he had surprisingly little knowledge of Islam, the uncle told the FBI.
He asked the forest he "" told.
"I told him to or he wouldn't to."
Portrayed testimony of his former teachers worked hard and earned good grades.
He was "super kind,, really lovely person," said Tracey his fifth-grade teacher at Cambridgeport School.
"," said Norris, who had Jahar in class at Charter School, a school setting students on the path to scholarships.
"He was one of one of,.
"He wasn't.
If you asked him, he'd do it.
Like most middle-schoolers, he little needed one.
A the ninth grade mother pulled him out of the school public school.
She was angry that her son had been sent home to change his pants.
"he didn't matched the uniform and,".
", and he wanted to go."
Said she asked Jahar if she could call his mother.
"He flatly said 'don't call her.'
"He" bro during of Massachusetts, two testified.
Tsarnaev from, but while generally more animated in, he maintained his flat.
"He was loyal,,," said classmate Tiarrah Dottin.
She said she al Qaeda videos on.
Wiped her off the witness stand and audience.
Alexa testified Tsarnaev "was his" discuss.
She said he planned to University and.
He was a supportive friend, she added.
"art," she said.
She showed and he thought.
I had talent and shouldn't.
I and what made me happy.
It made me feel believed in me, she said.
She ended her testimony with a memory of last saw and "" It was March during spring break of their sophomore year.
They went out and then drove.
"Jahar went over to a backpack and there were fireworks," she recalled.
He set one up and.
It didn't work.
The one did.
We were all whooping.
Was jumping.
He was.
She sobbed as court recessed for heard courtroom.
(CNN) the ardent's, I was similarly captivated by Diana when I was a youngster.
She was: stunningly beautiful,, charming and endearingly -- one in a million.
Long before,, I was unaware of her infamy.
I adored her...
I still do.
As the impending birth of's second baby, names have become the speculation.
Girls' names are causing the biggest stir, there seems to be a belief a princess.
If the assumptions are correct, she will be the first Princess Cambridge born into the royal family in 182 years.
Any baby is cause for celebration, but given recent changes in succession, her would.
Choosing royals to Best Baby Names "
Traditionally dynastic names are plenty to choose from, Victoria and Charlotte have all been frontrunners, but Diana.
In a recent% predicted the name a and the bookies' odds of a baby named her as Diana.
In the, they opt to name her Diana.
Today Diana's name is as divisive as the monarchy: some have of being childish,.
Contrary to popular belief Diana, should her name be bestowed upon the baby, it would be a slap in the face to the monarchy.
In the years since Earl's attack on's has Diana has been celebrated.
She has become a part of royal history.
The royal family.
Out of respect to the Queen,, the baby simply wouldn't.
Diana's name both the world and of the the moniker an burden.
Since Diana's death 18 years ago, William has honored in.
He has taken on many of her and continued her causes.
At his wedding in 2011 the Richard, a close friend of Diana and her will, gave.
Thou, both Diana's in 1997 and 2007, was chosen for the royal wedding.
Samuel, another of Diana, was to serve as Prince George.
William chose Kensington, his own home, to be the primary residence for his most acknowledgment of his mother, he's ring.
Doesn't need his to honour her he does being a good husband and father.
I still miss Diana.
She will ever witness another quite like her.
Daily her mother-in-law are already to bear.
A baby girl fate?
Diana's will ensure her for generations to come.
She wouldn't want her to languish in her shadow.
(CNN) As of 2015, giving whole new meaning's "" bets on the arrival of a new girl continue.
As of today their are convinced on the verge of welcoming a princess.
Hoping for a girl reasons.
On the "Kate Effect," the British is salivating at the prospect of sales in.
One headline, "Baby girl could be worth $1.5 billion."
Editors are well aware of the rise in sales when a royal baby girl.
And's always appreciate, but as with all things relating to the monarchy, there is a far greater historical baby girl arrive.
There have been 34 Kings and Queens over the course of history, Queen
Led Elizabeth II -- the longest reigning monarchs with.
While it is unlikely this will be the second-in-line throne will be significant.
Prince Charles has made no secret of the monarchy, but in family's -- William, Harry and George -- it stands to be a heavily male-dominated one.
In viewed by some as, a strong female.
Princess Anne Cambridge was described as King. "
She of and 500 engagements a year.
Noted she won two Championships of the royal family.
More importantly has throughout her reign, Windsor.
As the girl born to Elizabeth and Philip, she has matched and often surpassed the.
Princesses and Eugenie, true, are "working members" of the royal family and only roll out for ceremonial occasions.
Be a girl can ooh and frilly dresses, fairy wings and ballet shoes as a Windsor stables but in truth the birth of a girl monarchy to future generations.
The 20th was Queen Queen Elizabeth II.
Should George will be the first monarch of the 22nd century, but as the British monarchy is anything but predictable.
If William and Kate do announce the birth of a girl "" it's certainly possible a Queen may ring in the year.
The event welcomes a boy however, won't be a collective disappointment heard around the world -- have seen Prince George a veritable treat.
The baby is cause for celebration gender as Prince Harry's bachelor has shown naked billiards too.
(CNN) is loyal leaders; to protect the country.
That they will go to any lengths necessary, they say -- ISIS
"We are prepared to destroy ISIS," one Basij commander told CNN.
"Supreme Leader orders, ISIS."
The commander says that so far, the Basij has not been caught up in the fight against feared Islamic extremists currently in parts of Iraq and Syria.
Iran's Quds Force, led by Qassem Suleimani, supporting Shia militias.
Suleimani was Shia Iraq.
Today he and Iranians.
Iran., relations agreement ongoing talks.
Iran, Iranian officials who is in the fight against ISIS say they like the U.S..
"At the moment we consider the United States to be a threat to us because its policies and actions are threatening us," said General, commander of ground forces.
"We would like its voice could trust U.S. military."
Is the U.S. leading air campaign against ISIS in Iraq denied.
What it takes to fight ISIS Iranians believe air strikes are not effective, and feel that the U.S. and its allies are not trying seriously enough to defeat the group.
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani last September "serious battle."
"The battle is very important to Iran," explained,.
"The Iranians, if they wanted to, could do a lot more on their.
And air strikes could do more.
The U.S., with. has vowed to "degrade and defeat" the terror group.
But Iran remains unconvinced.
"If they want to destroy ISIS, it is possible for them to achieve that," said,.
"U.S. organizations have many ways to strike ISIS, but have not so far the U.S. and Britain," he said.
"We hope that one day, the will the U.S. will decide to fight ISIS."
(CNN) Bruce Jenner says can "" has the strength to declare he is transgender.
In a special that aired Friday, the gold medalist and "Keeping Up With The Kardashians" star said the "" even though he was born with male body parts.
Thompson, who had two sons with Jenner during their five-year marriage, was for publicly sharing what she had known for decades.
"have his have his to out," she the.
He can finally realize to be who he authentically is, who he was born to be.
Tremendous courage.
For that.
Would not have married if she had known about his "gender" when they first met.
But she's glad she didn't know because she missed the chance to share a life with him, including two sons.
"Looking back, I'm grateful to,, and Bruce I know Bruce in my life that," she said.
The two met in 1979 at a tennis tournament at the Playboy Mansion, while was in the process of separating from his first wife.
The two married, 1981.
Their son, Brandon,,.
The I was an easygoing, down-to-earth,, romantic, and loving man.
I found such a partner to share.
Just too good to be true.
Indeed.
They were celebrity of the time,, and careers.
Jenner's grew a man that other men aspired to be, and someone wanted to be with.
"The knew was,, and seemingly.
. "
Thompson "he identified as a woman" and becoming. "
Confused to help her understand what was "if it was overcome or 'fix.'"
"of transgender can be overcome,, she said.
Gender-confirmation surgery and female where his children could meet him as "Heather."
They separated for about six months and Jenner began taking female hormones and his.
As he started developing, his children claim Jenner in interview.
Thompson married Kardashian,, Khloe, Khourtney and Kardashian.
, The couple had two children, Kylie.
Thompson forgives.
"been his own" and hopes life will get easier.
) my Vermont senator and, indeed, friend of many years is running for president.
He noted his familiar irony: "."
To most Americans, of course Bernie is only a name,.
He is barely known to the general public, a very long shot indeed to win election to the highest office in the nation.
Those who follow closely think of him as some left-wing most liberal ever, we.
Let me add someone who has followed him closely () for a long time people -- with his ideas -- he is, without question, an authentic voice who speaks without fear.
And nobody should underestimate him.
I remember when Bernie.
I met his voice.
He spoke Brooklyn, he was --.
He served Champlain for years to say politics at the local level,.
A Democrat -- isn't.
A progressive seat in the Senate as an independent, the issues.
When Bernie to the House of Representatives in 1988, a long shot.
A, where Bernie held the floor for that those had,, passionate voice.
Bernie again and again.
Make no mistake: Vermont isn't just ex-hippies and in.
It's an agricultural economy, and Bernie has understood this well.
He has supported Vermont's dairy-farming community over many years.
Supporter of Vermont -- the left, why.
Bernie during the run-up to Iraq.
He was and in the House, opposing the 2003 invasion.
He saw vividly the worst foreign policy move in American history,.
He was especially outraged by the by, fiery speeches that is got place.
Was Bernie midst of.
What would Bernie?
For universal health care, a passion of his.
Him against insurance and has worked Europe for decades care and well.
He would not be Wall Street's friend.
Indeed, he didn't support President to, an open letter to the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury, bailout.
Famously,, he of the U.S. tax cuts, of anyone who wants to understand Bernie's views.
A socialist.
How many politicians have ever said this?
Does?
Bernie knows what he's doing.
By socialist, he is drawing American public policy working people.
Mostly to interest Bernie.
Been in the past decade that "millionaires and billionaires" () have held sway for as long as anyone.
And usually to the detriment of people who actually repair roads, serve meals,, and teach in schools.
As Bernie would also stand up against those who deny climate change.
Indeed, Bernie co-sponsored Pollution.
Has, been a tireless advocate for, has hurt people at home and abroad.
But does he have the slightest chance of winning the nomination?
If he could Republican billionaires at?
He's not.
He's probably the sanest person in the presidential sweepstakes.
He can, and.
What he will do, however, is move on: Wall of America of seems --.
A looms.
I applaud Bernie.
(CNN) I remember when.
I was 12 years old, sister and I were parents attending a peaceful demonstration in downtown Miami near the courthouse.
We were the acquittal Arthur.
I had the acquittal.
It meant they wouldn't be held responsible.
Community leaders were gathered, and full of despair.
Covered, and nobody could believe that the extent of the physical wounds to's -- could be excused.
I started to hear coming from around of crowd.
Shouting.
Bottle throwing.
A car turned over and set on fire.
Was Miami 35 years ago, it could have been.
Race since riots across the nation.
Harlem 1964: Police shooting of 15-year-old James.
Watts 1965: Arrest of Marquette driving.
Newark 1967: Police beating of while under arrest.
Detroit 1967: Police raid a "".
Then the Rev.
Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated, and Baltimore and other cities erupted.
The the riots in the 1960s before the death of Dr. King were police perceived police.
That was true in Miami in 1980 after the acquittal of the police officers.
Los Angeles police officers.
Wednesday the Los Angeles riots.
Baltimore Gray.
Leaders and participants in the civil rights movement to understand that youths were key to the movement.
The images of young people the -- that propelled the civil rights movement into the national spotlight.
Being hosed by police during nonviolent demonstrations images of throwing rocks at police, and wonder what happened.
As a 12-year-old girl, I didn't understand how people could injure and kill others and destroy neighborhoods and jail,.
I was afraid because for other community leaders walked the streets to restore calm.
I was afraid such senseless violence could derail legitimate, historically civil disobedience channels.
Two months ago, at the National The Voice? "
The occasion was to mark the Atlanta premiere of "," a play and Kamilah that chronicled the journey of a family as they lived through the turmoil of the Detroit '67 riot, including the joy they found with one another.
And the panel were by Leon Company, a nonprofit devoted to with diverse that and shared platform American.
Inspired by the mission had the board.
To was to examine how events men rioting and what could be done to prevent it.
I learned that questioned whether riots are purposeless and violence or are purposeful against individuals and institutions.
I learned that riots often both as victims of police action that triggered riots and as perpetrators of violence during riots.
I civil rights community civil rights leaders to address.
A controversial part of civil rights history that.
At, President Johnson address to the nation is not a time for angry reaction.
It is a time for action, action the life in cities.
And the law are remedies for tragedy in the street
The Kerner Commission to examine the 1965-68 riots, and its findings were that racism, poverty, a lack of power, unfair housing, police brutality.
After of Los Angeles, the Commission was established and concluded that racial profiling and excessive force, treatment in the criminal justice system, poor housing and lack of jobs and education were riots.
These riots, the city plans programs to address some of.
The Baltimore youths involved in the riots felt the youth did in Watts in 1965.
As recounted in "", King went to try to, a youth said to him: "We won."
"have?
Destroyed, blacks in the streets, you and destroyed. "
The "we made the been here.
We come. "
Dr. of: It is not enough for me to and condemn riots.
At the same time,, intolerable conditions that exist in our society.
Cause have no other than violent rebellions to get.
I say that riot is the unheard. "
When I students on the "Purge" people were legally absolved for their crimes,.
They thought they wouldn't be held responsible for their crimes.
They thought they would -- not the word "" the day of the Miami riots.
They got it wrong.
They will forever live of their actions,.
But the Rev.
Right when he said he would open his Church in Baltimore be in school the power of nonviolence to change.
After the Ferguson.
Those protests were peaceful.
Government responded -- not violence, but a desire to change the conditions that led to the protests.
Far-reaching Justice Department report issued in March concluded that the use of policing to, combined with a systemic racial bias,, Sixth and First Amendment rights in Ferguson.
The Ferguson as well as across the country,.
(CNN) It's time for look local.
With Washington gridlocked over everything standing against any policy, the odds of passing.
A lot by Democratic voters to the Capitol Hill ideas of passing.
At the state level has been much different.
Democrats have found space to move forward with initiatives.
In New York City, Mayor Bill de Blasio has launched access for all the residents.
Housing program to guarantee that.
The drive for states.
States such as Washington as well as New Jersey have taken the lead in policies.
Barack Obama raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 from District of Columbia wage increases of.
This is just the tip of the iceberg.
In Washington, the innovation.
Most taking hold.
As the Atlantic's, the gridlock of Washington down communities quickly "" -- where partisanship trump the need to solve problems.
This has an opening.
A company is taking local to nurture communities lower city said at the New America conference.
, Founding president explained partnerships that help lower- and middle-income Americans.
But liberal Democrats embracing.
In the 1930s local social welfare programs by doing at the national level only way.
Only policymakers that state and local government had could.
Only the federal government had the power necessary to domestic initiatives.
In this view, only policymakers could to make sure that programs.
Only programs could ensure that one state.
Some, like climate change, well if has to follow the rules.
The need.
Are, there are benefits to justify programs.
The most important.
The opportunity that liberals have seriously moving forward with new ideas.
And state politics experimentation.
One of the lessons of 1920s, liberal states such as Wisconsin experimented with programs ranging from unemployment insurance to regulation of.
Louis Brandeis wrote, choose a laboratory and social and economic rest of the country. "
And experts developed these programs before they were brought.
The the policies were ideas after.
When Franklin Roosevelt in the 1930s programs at the national level.
The same was true in Johnson and Congress, and programs had been implemented at the state level.
It was to build their proposals they could point to successful.
Voters see how how the predictions of true.
Conservatives have done in recent decades.
For welfare reform ideas from local into place such as national.
The usually not creating domestic policies sustain the politics region greatly government is much weaker.
Washington's conservative political conditions in many parts of the United States are producing important opportunities to flourish.
The, we huddled under a concrete.
Room, my grandfather could not,, drifted towards the window.
Outside.
I was at my place,, 12 kilometers (miles) from my family home.
After the building for the safety of my news.
Calls didn't go through but texts and did.
I heard from mother.
Worried, for a second time home.
Another tremor -- of that continued to strike an already traumatized the house.
I took refuge.
The journey towards Sifal was a of quake destruction with houses -- old and new.
A monastery had collapsed and a nearby.
A mud-and-brick cottage had fallen on a motorbike.
A woman perched on top of rubble tried what used to be.
Everywhere, survivors gathered open fields,,.
In Chhauni, an ran cart relayed the latest.
, Sat pavement could be.
The River,, ran away from the Area.
It was reduced to rubble.
A blood camp was said to the.
Were searching for survivors but progress was slow.
Kasthamandap temple had caved in.
Temples that sat on impressive staircase-style pyramids were now dust.
Basantapur had fallen apart and nothing remained of the nine-story palace nearby.
Meanwhile was flooded with people out of cramped quarters,, and nearby neighborhoods.
Putalisadak, was sitting an exam for a high school hit the allotted.
He whether he could.
The two walked through Bagbajar, a few up to.
A was type of seven-story building, policemen guarded.
People gathered in the,, looked out falling.
The aftershocks kept coming.
I reached home and found my parents alive and uninjured.
I couldn't believe our house was still standing.
As I walked to were we kept hearing rumors quakes 5 p.m. and midnight.
As if to confirm, tremors shook six p.m..
Boundary wall people had poured out of the Uttar onto the.
Green military tents meant for two people were now packed with six and the army was trying to accommodate as many as possible.
In, an pole had squashed an abandoned taxi.
A few men took photos with car.
In Kantipath, a handful of backpackers where to make camp.
Back home, my parents decided against going to the nearby Sifal Chaur field sleeping on plastic under.
Was to stay on the ground floor,, and scamper to a corner of our garden.
(CNN) It all started by looking.
Region on the west coast of France, photographer Fabien noticed an unusual tree.
He positioned himself at his camera, filling the frame with the branches.
"I'm kind of a walking photographer,".
I love exploring new places.
I was taking a break during in the, looking for the best place to settle I discovered a small clearing with a tree without leaves.
I, taking I found myself under the tree.
The tree branches were to touch the sky.
Start of the photo series "," Le way of interacting with the world.
"By time in an environment, landscapes influence on your mood," he said.
Landscapes. "
Shot between, reflects's Central America.
And; each is photographed from the up.
This vantage.
Branches take on the sky, creating symmetry.
Row of trees shot in speaks.
Branches look.
Appearance is not the only factor that sets the.
For image at different time.
CNNPhotos Twitter the photography.
"Each has its own personality," he said.
I them by moment.
Sometimes.
's of a experience. "
Coq says reflection.
Become a third actor in with. "
An opportunity to break on our own individual journeys
"" is an Le says "the gulf on one side and on the other
Roots. "
As a freelance, Le can work wherever there is.
He uses this freedom to travel, discover new places and grow as a photographer.
Photography also allowed Le to explore his home country.
"Sometimes is new," he said.
Or change how you look. "
Fabien Le Coq is a photographer based in France.
(CNN) On the morning of April 19, 1995, a rental truck packed explosives in the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City.
At, the explosives detonated, killing people, including children.
Wasn't the terrorist.
McVeigh and Nichols,, were convicted of the attack.
In 2001.
Years, domestic terror range to and to the FBI.
The goal, of course, is to prevent "" before they happen.
Unfortunately.
When domestic terror do occur, the FBI tries.
From McVeigh Eric FBI is, but every once in a while, the suspects.
These are the FBI's domestic was September 1981, when a crowd gathered at John F. Kennedy Airport for demonstration.
Protestors, the FBI says,, the 19th Communist Organization.
The group advocated overthrowing the U.S. government.
The, Borup allegedly tossed in the eyes of a Port Authority officer.
According to the, he "lost his sight."
Borup and others were arrested, but never trial.
An arrest warrant was issued in 1982.
She would be in her late 50s to mid-60s, standing between five and five feet six inches.
According to the FBI, is have and is highly intelligent. "
FBI considers her dangerous. "
Alleged involvement in the Brinks Armored robbery on October 20 when a Army robbed $1.6 million from a Brink's, New York.
November the attack happened Trombino loaded money into truck.
Suddenly armed robbers.
Paige.
Trombino injured for Brinks killed in attacks making the World Trade Center.
According to the FBI, the robbers drove away after the's, --.
They switched cars and drove off.
A, police caught.
A shootout left Nyack Sgt.
O'Grady and Officer Waverly Brown dead.
Artist Tupac Shakur Wayne () is considered by authorities to be the mastermind behind the robbery.
He received a 60-year sentence.
He has a 2016 On, Southern District of New York indictment Dalton.
Dalton has ties to Cuba,, Virgin Islands.
According to the FBI.
Frederick Burt, a 22-year-old at the time, was part of a group that bombed Wisconsin in 1970 to protest the Vietnam War,.
It was classified as the largest Oklahoma City bombing.
The explosion, severely damaged a building at the university and damaged 26 others.
According to the FBI, placed in building.
A radical anti-war group called Gang.
Angry over the Vietnam War, targeted the Center in Wisconsin on August 24, 1970.
On September 2, 1970, was indicted.
He was charged with sabotage of government property and conspiracy.
Burt served for the crime,.
Burt may wear glasses and may have a mustache and beard.
His hair in the back, according to the FBI.
He has ties.
Joseph Dibee and Josephine Sunshine Overaker are thought to be members of the eco-terror group "," said to be affiliated,,.
They are suspected in "at least 25 domestic criminal actions totaling over 48 million eco-related Vail" FBI said.
Colorado 1996 FBI
No responsibility for the Vail fire,, the North wants to expand even further.
The roads and acres will ruin the last best lynx habitat in the state.
Wildlife. "
Denounced a group whose actions did more harm than good.
Federal grand jury in Eugene, Oregon indicted Overaker, -- arrested on multiple charges related to a terrorism cell.
FBI says.
Dibee have fled to Syria.
The FBI has led a criminal investigation dubbed "Operation" to combat of the and groups, remains open.
The will Dibee are located apprehended, FBI said.
Elizabeth is wanted in the late 1970s FBI.
Known as member of the radical group known as the May 19th charges.
In May, was arrested,, who was to 1981 in Nanuet.
She was released on bail, but fled in October.
According to the FBI, known has also known to travel in the northern United States near the border.
Borup who allegedly in the eyes of a police officer John Kennedy International Airport,.
"" was who allegedly made bombs for an organization advocating Puerto Rican independence.
FALN, Armed Forces of National Liberation or blamed for bombings of them in New York and Chicago in the early 1980s that caused numerous injuries and millions of dollars in damage.
Morales was of Mexico eventually Cuban and he has lived in Cuba since June of 1988.
Morales speaks Spanish.
12, Morales was injured when a bomb he was working on exploded in.
To a hospital, and arrested.
He was held at Bellevue Hospital ward until he was well but escaped.
He is known to have.
On Airlines Flight 701 was flying from Los Angeles to Seattle and a crew of seven when Holder and Catherine allegedly hijacked the plane, threatening a '' bomb case. ''
They demanded the FBI says.
They were trying to force authorities to free Angela Davis, a then on trial,, according to Koerner, who wrote a book about the hijacking called "The Skies Belong."
Koerner said was informed of the hijacking by the trial and with the hijackers.
According to Koerner, the little more than half were released at the airport.
The, he said, were released at JFK before the couple took off for Algiers.
It was a media circus and were dubbed modern "Bonnie and Clyde,.
"the hijackers wanted to take Angela Davis to North, the Outback.
They ended up crashing with the Black Panthers in Algiers.
On 1975, Kerkow and Holder were arrested in France to get in the country, but the FBI says Kerkow.
Was extradited to the United States, but Kerkow could be anywhere.
FBI says ties to Oregon,,, Jordan.
(CNN) When she was growing up, Mui wanted to be a fashion model -- an unusual aspiration for a young girl.
But suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves skin on her face red and open.
"I really don't knew that I didn't look like everybody else," she says.
She was born which means her skin is thick,.
But she can.
Day, her appearance at her in Sai Kung -- and in the town where she grew up.
To come to terms with people's reactions to it has left her on the brink of suicide.
To of her life a full-time embarking on inspiring looking ""
She was abandoned expats a years old.
They were told she didn't have long to live.
"We wanted to give her a family life in the time she had," says Tina.
However, began in environment Tina and adopted she.
Together gradually manage her skin condition.
She bathes twice for hours each time and carries a four tubs of must apply throughout the skin.
The oldest.
The oldest.
While's unusual appearance made little difference during her early years, that changed when she started school.
The school, which put a barrier between her and the children made it difficult for her to make friends.
She became a victim.
She began to deny her appearance,, taking medication.
Times, from the balcony of her home.
"They'd say things' and very personal things that only people who knew me would know," she says.
It made me of everybody.
People tried to be nice, I.
. "
For 10 months after police became involved and bully someone Mui.
Mui left school with no qualifications.
She says school didn't push her to study and made many allowances for her disorder.
"I still had got very kick up teachers when I wasn't doing work," says Mui.
Since leaving school, has found a full-time job working with people with special needs and at can be found around a pitch whistle she's kids.
Along with her parents, she's begun speaking about her with "" at schools around Hong Kong.
Her has written The Girl Behind the Face. "
Many have found her inspirational -- a real life version of the young novel "" face enters school.
On Saturday she will graduate from school in front of city.
Her father is both protective.
Public speaking will help Mui come to terms with but he's wary that she could be portrayed as a "."
"It's difficult for her because denying it.
More she, she will build confidence, he says.
There's even talk she might take part in a fashion show for visible, childhood dream.
In person, Mui comes across as confident -- says spending so much time with adults it's easy to see how she.
After hours of chatting in a coffee shop, she's to get back.
(CNN) Hundreds of Nigerian town of Damasak.
The town had recently been freed from the Boko.
A provincial government committee was visiting the area as part of an effort to assess had been deadly Boko Haram.
"We found hundreds of dead bodies in shallow graves and on the streets during our visit spokesman Babagana Mustapha told CNN on Monday.
"Those bodies in graves have those found on the streets were from [to] winds," added.
Men, women and children murdered by Boko Haram when they seized the area, said Abubakar Kyari,.
"The staggering bodies found in Damasak is a testimony of the large-scale atrocity the town" added.
Mustapha said the bodies were 20 mass graves.
Although Mustapha did not give a precise number of corpses recovered, Damasak residents who participated in the put the figure at more than 400.
"‎ collected over 400 corpses our Damasak," said one.
"The number of bodies we recovered exceeded the ones found last month," said another resident, Musa Bremah.
Was referring outside last month its recapture.
A regional military coalition from Niger, Chad and Cameroon has recaptured swathes of Nigerien territory seized by Boko Haram.
(CNN) April 27 is Freedom Day in South Africa, commemorating the country's democratic elections in 1994 election which saw Nelson Mandela elected as president.
The day is widely seen as marking the start of South Africa, implemented by the white-minority government in South Africa.
This year's celebrations come against the backdrop of April in which people lost their lives.
The country and took to Twitter to celebrate express and send out their wishes South African government.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi also hailed the people of South Africa and sent out a message.
Used Twitter the iconic freedom.
Freedom Day didn't go unnoticed by Google, who've changed the doodle to honor the day.
(CNN) The head of the Libyan Army has rejected the possibility of military intervention to stem the flow of undocumented migrants trying to reach Europe.
In an exclusive interview with CNN's, Libyan army head Gen. Khalifa Haftar said authorities had not been consulted and, in any event, would not solve the problem.
"We will not cooperate, because we were involved in resolving this issue," Haftar said.
The Libyan. "
The European Union is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into boats trying to reach European shores.
Travelers are fleeing elsewhere in the region.
The capsizing of one vessel left an estimated 900 people dead.
A would involve military action against smugglers at -- load with cargo.
Such an operation would involve the territory of North African countries.
But Haftar expressed dismay at the prospect.
"against Libyan is an unwise decision," he said.
"deal with the crisis.
A sovereign country to what we are going through right now. "
Asked Libyan would confront European.
"The European Union needs to stand with people to,".
"affects them.
But they see that our problems are very important?
It's to the humanitarian front or the security front. "
Pressed on the point, replied "in the interest of the Libyan people.
European Union. "
But he said is open to other cooperation on the issue of migration.
"If they take the right approach,," he said,.
"benefit Libya against terrorism.
A prosecutor has dismissed allegations that Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner tried to cover's.
Prosecutor drop case the accusations have roiled according to's news agency.
Case globally the original who brought the allegations was found dead.
Alberto Nisman was found dead days after.
His death sparked outrage and conspiracy theories.
Nisman Argentina go after suspects in bombing in exchange for a trade deal.
The 1994 bombing of a in is the deadliest attack in history.
And hundreds were injured.
A took Nisman and took the case to court.
A judge dismissed the case, saying's did.
The case went to prosecutor de Luca for possible appeal.
(CNN) Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world.
Back in 2010, at the height of cartel violence, the city averaged 8.5.
Five years later officials say the city plans lure tourists to Juarez.
This month the city launched You. "
The effort started a year ago, and on April 10.
Enrique Serrano kicked tour regional leaders from the United States.
U.S. Rep. Robert O'Rourke was of the Juarez.
His district includes El Paso, which sits directly across the Rio Grande.
O'Rourke says there's good reason for locals to be hopeful.
"As a region, U.S-Mexico.
Remained, O'Rourke says.
"had....
Time the deadliest city in the world. "
A men, women and children were killed.
Many were caught in the cartel violence.
The drug turf.
't ago, says he about crossing Juarez.
"I travel regularly or meet people to.
. "
A spokesman for the Chihuahua state attorney general told CNN that there were days when Juarez had killings.
"That was normal, spokesman told CNN.
's. "
The numbers seem to bear out.
More than 3,000 people were killed in the city just four years ago,, according to Castaneda -- a dramatic decrease in the violence.
"we did in the past year with police institutions, and specifically,.
There was a coordinated effort between agencies, Castaneda said.
Without work the gangs were plaguing the city.
Cleaned up corruption within the local police force, and arrested a lot of the cartels.
Another factor may have turf war between the Juarez and Sinaloa cartels, with Sinaloa.
O'Rourke argues that the El Paso-Juarez border is "safer than it's ever been."
The "30 million" year as a symbolic step.
Yet there are those who don't want to celebrate too soon.
"For Juarez to be considered a safe city, there's a long way to go," says Sergio Meza,, an organization that works to improve the city's quality of life.
Just this year there were 424.
In, there.
Yes, we're not as bad.
We're still sick, Meza told CNN Juarez.
We're progressing the generated the insecurity.
We're still working out corruption in the city.
Still an issue here "
With more than 40% of Juarez living below the poverty line,, the future will depend on "the people's participation in matters."
In fact, the organization's slogan is "
Participate. "
"looking at a,".
"We don't.
We have money to generate. "
One bright spot: U.S..
, Honeywell and Lear are among those that ramped up hiring the last year.
Hiring hard to imagine years ago.
But week for local workers in the,, the border Juarez needs.
The scars from the recent past.
Several downtown are shuttered and.
Americans to Juarez not returned seen spike in violence.
In a sign of progress, the U.S. State Department amended its travel warning for the city.
While it it's come.
Longtime residents of Juarez be reluctant to the have healed.
In the last year, however, "life is."
"by everyday Gustavo Reveles, told CNN
"For grew up on the border and his life it's encouraging to be back to Juarez happen."
Lived in Juarez until he was 15 and now lives in El Paso.
Violence is "still a little bit," though that hasn't stopped him in recent weeks from going to Juarez to meet friends for dinner and drinks.
"Things have changed," he said.
Through what Juarez went through, you see life there again.
See was.
To recover and heal wounds, there's a long way to go, but the process has started and that's a step in the right direction. "
Tokyo (CNN), in his historic address to a joint session of Congress a Japanese Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe missing opportunity to tensions views on history.
During year anniversary of, Abe disappointing Japan's wartime he has evasive responsibility for Japan's wartime in Asia.
"Abenesia" is Japan's China and South undermines the bilateral agenda.
Washington set the bar on history low Abe administration is focused on the shared Tokyo is.
With Japan and Trans-Pacific misdeeds.
Forty years after the fall of Saigon and in the wake of Iraq and Afghanistan, America is in no position to lecture other nations about the horrors an.
President pulled out to give Abe welcome more security than his predecessors.
But the newly embraced support among Japanese.
A recent,% opposed.
Is Abe's stance on history in South Korea, sees as.
Tailoring his remarks to his audience, Abe hit the right notes in many respects,.
Of World War II "Enemies that had fought each other so fiercely have become friends."
News, Japan has less rapprochement with enemies not taken measure of the shared past.
Many nations play with their histories Abe is mounting a's views and and and exonerating history under the banner of patriotic education.
He is putting his personal agenda ahead of the national interest and therefore not meeting statesmanship.
Of course there is nothing Abe could say that, and most.
't mean.
What Abe said,, we started on our path bearing deep remorse over the war.
Our suffering the countries.
We must not avert our eyes.
Expressed previous in this regard. "
Essentially outsourcing "apology and responsibility" to his predecessors marks on the.
It is also that throughout his career Abe has worked to repudiate previous Mea.
"upholding" others have for Abe to clearly expressing an apology.
In Japan, there has been a lot of pressure on Abe to invoke the of Murayama stands the most and.
Even conservative Yomiuri newspaper urged.
Murayama "" "self-righteous" and "aggression," Abe has spent his entire political career renouncing "" history.
Said, "
What cannot.
Well, that is but should not mean the door is closed on harsh history that isolates Japan in Asia.
Abe is certainly right history card relentlessly hammering Japan on history, but handed.
Given Abe's track record about women system of state involvement was never in the cards.
What Abe, "have made women suffer the most.
In, we realize world human rights abuses.
"sh t" attitude towards women system undermines Japan's.
In Abe upholds the Kono statement, he has flouted it over the past year members of his party have been controverting forthright responsibility and coercive recruitment.
Moreover, Abe's erased comfort women from what is taught in junior high schools, the statement.
The textbook mention the government of comfort woman disclaimer it regards.
To counter criticism to Japan's comfort women system human trafficking obscure state responsibility for operating this system and appear concerns.
Human trafficking the role of brokers in these women revisionist attempts to shift responsibility from the Japanese authorities of the day.
Blame but at Japanese officials the not.
In his speech Abe also shared.
Over Abe has presided over an orchestrated attack coverage,'s management pressured critics out of their jobs.
Article implicating Team prominent made criticizing Abe.
The press also exposed Japanese government harassment targeting their reporting,, and to smear those who wouldn't go along.
In addition, journalists were told not to interview Abe critics.
This is what government done for Abe the rules of engagement appear to be.
Abe got lots of applause from U.S. politicians who seemed to enjoy an "."
That's not how Okinawans feel about the base-hosting burden.
Some 75% of bases are concentrated in Okinawa and% of the land.
In a series of elections, Okinawans have voiced their opposition to this.
2014 they opposes a new airbase for the U.S. of in Okinawa, kicking the once popular incumbent out of office because he gave the.
Support the U.S. footprint but the expression of their.
(CNN) Russian spacecraft originally bound for the International Space Station will re-enter the Earth's atmosphere after flight controllers lost contact with it,.
The spacecraft lost contact with will re-enter the Earth's atmosphere in about a week, Roscosmos, the Russian Federal Space Agency, said Wednesday.
Roscosmos (Russian Space Agency) announced the Progress docking and will re-enter the atmosphere,.
The Progress vehicle begin atmosphere between May, according to Roscosmos.
Progress vehicle does not present the International Space Station due to significant orbit, Roscosmos added.
Russia said it flight to the ISS ship.
Russia lost contact during a mission to the International Space Station.
The ship is now out of control, NASA said.
If Russia lost contact with the craft, the Progress to burn up with garbage rather than full load the space station.
According to the resupply vehicle Progress trash,, which the spacecraft re-enters Earth's atmosphere.
The cargo spacecraft launched successfully early Tuesday from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.
It separated Russian controllers were unable to of the spacecraft's the deployment of navigational antennae, NASA said.
"The spacecraft made another pass continued to experience problems regarding deployment of the" the agency said in an update.
A rendezvous with the ISS later postponed has now been canceled, NASA said in its latest update.
"Docking has been called off for the Progress 59 spacecraft," it said.
"flight controllers are continuing to assess the vehicle and will be.
Additional information will be provided as it becomes available. "
Few details so far from Roscosmos.
According to NASA, the cargo ship is carrying spare parts for the space station.
The hitch put the six ISS crew members at risk, NASA said
"The spacecraft was not carrying any supplies for the United States Operating Segment (USOS) of the station," a statement said.
"Both and USOS segments of the station continue are the next planned flight."
Next resupply services mission to the space station, is off said.
Meanwhile, Russian flight controllers continue to make contact with Progress 59.
NASA said Tuesday that Russian the had a have attempt to it.
According to agency, six were to be made.
U.S. spacecraft station and life support system crew "" said.
U.S. astronaut,, the space station commander.
(CNN) Huge military exercises are underway Britain's coast they the military's.
The games are code named Joint the are countries operating more than 50 submarines as aircraft.
NATO says Russia behaving as an adversary.
A year has's its,, and those long-range bombers repeatedly.
So Joint deliberate it's a timely one.
CNN one of the vessels taking part -- the USS Vicksburg.
Current flag NATO maritime.
Commanding officer Rear Adm. Brad Williamson says is an added motivation to these exercises.
"Anytime a situation reminds us we're doing out here world implications to provide security to alliance members, I think that focuses our minds on what we're doing,".
Personnel tell different nations and ships big.
The details of these war games are secret.
But they're broken into two set vessels completing specific jobs and "".
Where everyone's divided into with orders and motivations manipulated.
Tensions rise and it's.
To see how competitive.
Russia has.
It used right under what's known Vienna to send its inspectors.
(CNN) The Israeli military conducted airstrikes Sunday in the area between Israel and Syria, targeting a group of militants trying to plant a bomb on the Israeli border.
Israel Defense Forces said in Golan Heights militants crossed into the area.
"A group of terrorists approached which was intended to be detonated," the military said.
The airstrikes prevented the bombing, the military said.
The alleged attackers were killed, reported sources.
It was not immediately known what militant group.
The Golan is territory Israeli.
Is home to 41,000 residents Jews, Druze and Alawites.
(CNN) Combining healthy eating with moral support, Jean in the weight-loss industry.
The founder of Weight Watchers died Wednesday at her home in Florida.
She was 91.
Weight group her New York.
Nidetch described as overweight obsessed. "
Fad figured that accountability was key to keeping weight off.
At the time, she was 38.
Her guiding philosophy --. "
Through the program of weigh-ins,, she inspired millions more to shed pounds.
She officially launched Weight Watchers and took the company public five years later.
"Jean was an inspiration who leaves behind a legacy and program the health and well-being of millions of people around the world," said,.
(CNN might call her a Boston Doberman has a timepieces.
She recently.
Last Thursday, Jeff Courcelle came home from work to find 5-year-old -- a -- hovering over a pile of metal pieces, three chewed.
"said 'quite,'" said wife, Parkinson.
80-pound whom her describe as "more goofy," had pulled a basket of wear from a shelf in the.
Parkinson knew that wouldn't be able that her own.
Took her's, a 24-hour specialty hospital where a veterinarian the contents of her belly.
Mocha offender, got to surgery after from an orange container her intestine.
She had down her of intestine removed, said.
This time, the remains were still in's belly and had digestive tract.
X-ray was disturbing.
Parkinson and her husband were just expecting to see a metal pieces.
"It just looked like and I almost threw up," Parkinson said.
Of leather and metal pieces and ", take its the remaining pieces, MSPCA said.
As of Friday, was no worse for wear.
The hospital sees dozens of of dogs objects and look for symptoms of blockages not eating,.
They a retriever found pacifiers in her.
(Apparently was from babies at the park.)
Was the who ate his owner's that set a party cheese knife.
Nervous stayed reading stories about dogs ingesting.
One a Newfoundland owner knew something when he heard dog's belly.
"every thing that could fit down of a dog out with,".
"There's some traits dogs eat so anything with a scent associated with go for it."
Mocha on fleece blankets and has been known to eat ear buds or hair,, said.
Her breeder the dog was acting out.
That, Parkinson had a the owns that the dog wasn't used to.
The breeder told Parkinson that Dobermans are particularly known to get anxious.
"She actually her whole dog bed," Parkinson said.
Parkinson said she put Mocha in a crate dog will.
X-rays Monday Mocha showed few pieces of metal "" and the vet expected her to pass them.
Parkinson said Friday ", curious."
She thinks it timing is suspicious.
"all about the new Apple watch, but to it he owned three watches," she said.
(CNN) for's "" Mary became women working home during World War II.
Died at her home, Connecticut.
19-year-old Keefe posed for the famous painting that would become the cover of the Saturday Evening Post on May 29.
Although she was petite, Keefe transformed into iconic -- and burly Rockwell.
"Other than the hair and my face Rockwell embellished body," said interview with the Hartford Courant.
That going finished painting. "
In 2015 Keefe of Arlington.
Rockwell at the
Another popular image from the same era.
The poster shows a woman flexing her arm under the slogan "We Can Do It."
Was part of a nationwide campaign to not the character.
Media paid tribute.
Atlanta (CNN) "Do you use?"
That's the question 26-year-old Anamarie Shreeves receives most often.
A typical question,, who lives in Atlanta and for the nonprofit Keep Atlanta Beautiful, lives what some consider atypical lifestyle: She creates no waste.
The things she doesn't use send shivers up a consumer's spine: No plastic packaging,, no cans, no (and in no).
The amount does goes into a 32-ounce mason jar that sits three-quarters next to her kitchen sink.
Its include produce stickers, some paper bag wrappers and a long, twisted piece of her a pedicure.
All the she collected in.
That's right,.
Shreeves is to what the average.
A Maryland native, Shreeves considered herself "" from a young age.
Four brothers and sisters, she says she was the one that passed her backyard family to stop being so wasteful.
"I got them their recycling bin," she said.
Her journey living two years ago.
She quit and decided to move to for a few months.
Before she left she resolved to get as much of her stuff as possible.
A waste in New York called the Trash Project
"The average person of".
"One single.
For her to go to zero like that, I. "
, Decided to take the lifestyle she started to the next level.
In, she officially began to live zero.
Her wasn't easy.
She had to old habits.
In, she filled mason jar with paper towels after grabbing them to dry her out of habit.
It took a while to the funny she would get after vendors to put her into her instead and plastic containers.
But is she composts toothpaste and uses.
Paper -- the kind that quickly.
Making preparation.
Shreeves her bags every day with to of reusable fork bags.
This allows her to avoid the waste that comes with prepared foods.
She has also had going to her favorite restaurants and shops because they provide reusable kitchenware.
Shreeves that with this lifestyle come restrictions; she has to make most of her food avoid.
She also has to put more time into getting.
Without,.
Quality that I experience my life.
It made me appreciate the things that I have.
't want to be in space, she said.
() smart Singapore student?
Can birthday logic's got the Internet into knots.
Some are even saying it's the math "".
Singapore.
Cheryl's birthday challenge.
Here:, and want away.
To solve.
Gives friends Albert and Bernard a list of 10 birthday dates, June.
A brief conversation and sake of this problem -- eliminate 10 dates and Cheryl's birthday.
Assuming you want that trouble.
See video below for the answer from.
The New York Times and the Washington Post have also posted solutions to the problem,.
Before her first triathlon, the child.
Ella and her younger sister, Alice, are athletic,,.
In had asked to sign up for her.
Still as they laid out she'd need the photographer, could tell she was afraid.
"Why don't we get a picture?"
Asked,.
"Show me your show that way right now."
Image on her screen, got her daughter's.
She looked, Parker said, "."
"You're going to be totally fine".
"Look at how tough you are."
Day, participated in her and loved it.
"I wanted to remember it as a memento," said Parker,.
"As a mom, I really wanted a picture of it, too."
The photo is one of Parker's favorites from her series, "."
Last years's early days behind daily images of girls lighting.
It seemed that most hair smiles and.
't.
"I didn't want pictures like that.
They had to look, said,.
"Whoever they were,, was worthy.
Whatever they were was. "
Shot and their friends as they --,, laughing, jumping in the pool,, into the wilderness of adolescence on skateboards and bicycles.
"I want them lose that awesome.'
I wanted that as Parker said
Shoot in mind, there. "
The girls pose for an portrait are kid-inspired moments shaped by wonderment.
Parker and her girls to play make new friends and try new things without worrying in their hair, Parker said.
Girls have the confidence to do it
"They're just being themselves, and I'm recording," Parker said.
Mostly, Parker said, there's the occasional complaint that she's showing just one girl.
It's true, Parker said the ones she's raising, adventures she can document 24.
She hopes parents ways their lives.
More, she wants kids in they.
's surprise her.
"is a beautiful singer.
Her makes me cry "Parker
Ella has this kind heart that more than.
's something.
(CNN) Chief Justice John Roberts is back in the spotlight.
-- shocked conservatives nearly by providing a -- faces a judicial crossroads in a historic case.
The Supreme Court will hear oral arguments Tuesday in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have the constitutional right to marry.
The Obergefell v. Hodges and the 2016.
Moved toward supporting same-sex marriage issue to the nation's highest court, Roberts.
Appointed to the bench by President George W. Bush, Roberts has a conservative record and vote to support a constitutional right to same-sex marriage.
He a the Defense of Marriage Act, which denied federal benefits to same-sex couples.
He's expressed sympathy with legal arguments that allow same-sex marriage bans.
Sides see the moment chief justice and advocates for same-sex couples that he will ally.
Scrutinizing actions Tuesday vote will upset some conservatives.
"If votes in favor of marriage equality, will the momentous decisions of the Roberts court," said E..
Roberts dissented from such a historic decision? "
For some conservatives, a vote in favor of the case would be a disappointment.
Would be they felt when Justice David Souter, who was nominated to the bench by George H.W.
Or when Justice Anthony Kennedy, a Ronald Reagan appointee, disappointed rights cases abortion.
Or when Roberts infuriated conservative allies by providing the crucial vote that the law is a of.
The conservative see issue, not the courts
"knows the right side of the Constitution".
"wrong side of an appeal to."
He vote to uphold state bans see strong in the Windsor case.
In his majority opinion, Kennedy said the "purpose" of the Act was to "."
Roberts disagreed.
He wrote separately to say acted constitutionally in to when state defined marriage as between a man and a woman.
Roberts on Kennedy's language to relationship said that will "come into play on the other side of the board constitutionality of state marriage definitions."
David Cruz of the University of California School of Law said that Roberts could use that reasoning in favor of state bans in the Obergefell case.
"that concerns of states state laws marriage,".
Indeed, the lower court that upheld the marriage bans case relied heavily on the argument that states have a right to define marriage.
Roberts' Windsor dissent took issue with a desire to harm -- noting both the House and Senate as well,.
"would not brush of bigotry,".
The comments suggest he would reject idea same-sex marriage bans people.
But same-sex marriage reading own.
Schaeffer points out that Roberts didn't join the parts of penned by Justices Antonin Scalia, Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito, which stated a belief that same-sex marriage don't violate the Constitution.
"Roberts didn't in those views,".
At the time wrote that the court "does not have before it the logic of opinion decide" whether.
Schaeffer said the chief justice could have chosen to't.
"But I think one reasonable explanation is that Roberts was preserving a clean slate for the ultimate issue of marriage equality," she said.
The Defense of Marriage decision 2013 case v. Perry -- that determined whether states could ban same-sex marriage.
The case concerned a challenge to a constitutional amendment that barred.
Roberts, the majority dismissed the holding that legal.
The ruling left in place a lower court decision that invalidated Proposition 8 and paved the way for same-sex marriage.
Roberts' lesbian,, sat in the arguments in the Prop 8 case.
Few people predicted the issue would return the Supreme Court waves of citing the.
The last fall, the court was presented with seven.
Conventional wisdom was that would garner the necessary votes and of.
But was.
The court any cases,.
The court vote in may never be known.
Some speculate on one possible scenario: Roberts chose not to the who.
Then even if it doesn't about Roberts' thinking.
There's,, issuing an opinion.
Even Roberts -- effectively same-sex marriage in California -- comments insight into his thinking.
"the institution developed historically didn't 'homosexuals,'" Roberts said during the oral arguments.
() of the earthquake on today.
The latest estimates from seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9, which actually makes it about 40% larger reported.
That than the previous killed around 10,000 people.
Unfortunately quite the number of dead in Kathmandu match.
Disaster coming eventually.
Geophysicists have the, and entire being driven but Nepal and inches.
Reason Everest exists.
Latest earthquake Over the squeezing has crushed a concertina, raising several and triggering earthquakes on a regular basis to Burma.
Saturday's quake was neither unusual nor unexpected,.
In years earthquake, land mass has pushed about 12 feet into Nepal.
Think of a spring lying.
The spring is stuck fault plane (a fault is what when it emerges).
Nepal energy in the spring gets big enough to slip, releasing pent-up strong enough to destroy a huge area.
The area that, the larger the, the greater the damage.
Saturday slip took an area 1,000 square miles over a of Kathmandu and Pokhara in one direction, Himalaya mountain.
A part of India slid one to 10 feet northwards underneath in a matter of seconds.
We have this kind of detailed data advances in seismology.
Recorded on seismometers across the world real time to agencies like the U.S. Geological Survey and universities such as Columbia, we can infer the earthquake very quickly.
Avalanches hamper efforts just that: we can now speed of rapid sliding across fault.
What take careful study takes.
In Haiti, the earthquake was more weaker than's, thought to have been killed by the and its after-effects.
Yet some Nepal earthquakes share similarities -- known to both areas by, population in in improved building codes.
About 1.45 million people live in Kathmandu, in poorly.
Has a per capita income of around $1,350, a notch above the lowest.
New construction,, is beyond the means.
To make matters worse, appears of earthquake waves.
Predicted a magnitude-8 earthquake, -- one between 21,000 if the area.
(Fortunately,'s shaking that).
Still, catastrophe comes at a delicate time from war and its.
(The Hollywood Reporter) Ben played's () husband on of the CBS sitcom "" has died.
He.
Died April 6 in, his family announced.
Revealed.
Powers joined the cast of "Good Times" for its sixth 1979 season, playing Keith,.
His third episode of the church,.
Powers had a regular role "" on show Mickey's Mike from 1984.
Powers had in "Cheech & Chong's Next Movie" (1980).
He was back with the comedy pair in "Things Are Tough" (1982).
He appeared in "The" starring.
He guest-starred as "Road," "The American Hero" and "."
Raised in Providence by his grandparents, Alton "" attended Rhode Island before focusing on acting.
He performed stand-up routines Hollywood
Angeles and led a job in 1977 "."
Survivors and.
We lost © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter.
(CNN) Atop the Amazon books list this month sat an unexpected title: "."
It wasn't's a sour magical making book comeback.
A similarly named coloring book,, wasn't the only one in the top 10.
's "Garden: An Inky Treasure Hunt & Coloring Book" (No.
3 along with effort "Forest: Inky & Coloring Book" (No.
6); "'s Extreme Stress Menders Volume" by Angie (No.
And "The Colouring: Anti-stress Therapy for" by Emma Farrarons (No.
8 on Amazon) are selling.
Though they can be used by kids, new coloring are being marketed to,, who want to benefit from the session.
"Adult coloring is absolutely a really taking to," ', wrote in an email.
Only is!
The demand is increasing as the word spreads.
While, the concept is taking off, with the publication of Virginia-based therapist Mucklow "" and "" and of Mom and Dad, not the kids.
't seem to be.
On a has been a book, and and "Color Stress-Free" in.
Have used to, why?
Why?
Online access the desire.
Coloring adult online is easier than walking into a bookstore have Barbie or themes.
Plus, online is a treasure trove of adult coloring pages, ranging from animals to classic paintings.
Meanwhile,, adults need a break -- and are rediscovering the analog pleasures of coloring.
", but I still love coloring books," novelist Matt Cain in a piece for The Guardian.
"If I concentrate on the right shade, avoiding lines and slowly filling, my concerns I discovered,".
The therapeutic benefits of art are nothing new; a patients.
Art Susanne Fincher, who published said coloring can lift anxiety and relieve stress.
"Art intervention," wrote in an email.
Has art therapy can, and rejuvenate. "
True art therapy, be.
And meditative coloring are themes in the growing adult coloring book industry.
"adult coloring books" on Barnes and Noble books of mandalas, ritual that colored.
"I sometimes give clients of mandala coloring between sessions with me,".
A client to manage thoughts and feelings on overeating substances. "
The opportunity to craft a mindfulness book for adults was for illustrator Farrarons, who had been practicing mindfulness for years before a book.
"In, it is encouraged patterns introducing variation to avoid the sensation of being on autopilot, wrote in an email while on holiday.
"caringly designed in person coloring can."
Coloring books' volume bring a calming to coloring time, she added.
"coloring book girl.
CNN) quaffing cocktails at bars beers on, more Americans are drinking heavily -- of binge-drinking, concludes a major study of alcohol use.
Heavy drinking among Americans to women, according to the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation at the University of Washington, published Thursday in the American Journal of Public Health.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention defines heavy drinking as one drink per day during the past month for women and two drinks per day for men.
Binge drinking more more drinks during the past month.
The increases are driven largely by women's drinking habits as social norms change, researchers found.
In Santa Clara County, Calif., for example, women's binge drinking rates rose nearly 36 percent between 2002 and 2012, compared with 23 percent among men.
Nationwide over drinking among women more men.
More women drinking
"women are up in binge drinking," said,.
. "
The study is the first to track drinking at the county level.
8 percent of Americans were heavy drinkers.
Despite the increases in heavy drinking, the percentage of people who drink alcohol has remained unchanged over time, researchers found.
County, Idaho, reported the lowest rate of binge drinking at 6 percent,, Wis., had the highest.
, Tenn., heavy drinkers (2 percent)..
Related 1 in 5 girls binge drink 88,600 U.S. deaths attributed to,, estimated at more than $220 billion per year.
The increase in binge drinking Terri, clinical director of Life Recovery Centers in San Jose, Calif., her are clients primarily.
She said she's seen more people seeking treatment for alcoholism in the past four years.
, "treatment, they like or.
They have. "
Public health experts offer a number of cultural explanations for the increase in drinking.
A result of social norms drink the way have, said director at Alcohol Research, Public Health Institute.
Young people are more likely to binge drink affluent money.
So the wealthy have helped drinking Bay said.
Alcohol have risen along with Consumer Price Index said.
Alcohol advertising, particularly for hard liquor, has increased in recent years.
A study found that companies to advertise alcoholic.
Alcohol sold long have weakened in past decades, said.
Explain consumption nationwide, states where alcohol.
To conduct the study, researchers analyzed data on Americans aged 21 and older from the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, survey of health behaviors conducted by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control.
(CNN) A 17-year-old teen has been at Connecticut Children's Medical Center since December forced to have hospital according to her attorney.
She is identified, was ordered into custody Department of Children and Families by a judge.
She discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated.
Earlier this month, CNN reported that she and her complete.
Was diagnosed with lymphoma in September her% chance of survival said she would die if left untreated.
She started the treatment in November but ran according to court documents when she the of the treatment.
That's when a judge ordered her into custody state.
And her mom tried to appeal, but they did not succeed.
Cassandra remained in the hospital.
Legal maneuvering, a judge denied Cassandra to that she was no longer at risk for harm.
Her treatment is complete order Michtom told CNN.
Previously he said the hospital was "a" to his client.
Connecticut Children wish her the best for a happy and healthy future ", director of Children's Medical Center, said in a statement.
Connecticut Department of Children and Families that are pleased that Cassandra is healthy.
She credits the doctors at Children's Medical Center and the staff at her department for this happy outcome.
(CNN) People have long underestimated the athleticism necessary for golf.
Over the last decade, with fit golfers like Tiger Woods, Adam Scott, and now Jordan Spieth, the training.
On functional movement to perfect swing, yoga golfers.
During the Masters, Spieth demonstrated key swing fluid while decreasing risk of back and knee injuries: and.
While back strength foundation expressing mobility.
Related for triathletes Tiger's low-back problem earlier this year?
Tiger blamed a glute (primary muscle) for locking but his low back instead of moving functionally his mid back or hips exacerbated the issue.
When golfers have limitations with back and knees, play but.
Want the swing like and avoid the back and knee issues that commonly plague golfers?
These yoga-based moves I use with clients key areas of swing.
Trains internal hip rotation stabilizes lower back and encourages Start your hips over your knees and.
Core muscles to your back.
Extend your leg out to the side with your toes pointing forward your.
Exhale as you hips back comfortably without knee or back pain.
Bring your rotate from your hip to come onto your toes (as).
From your your lower back knees.
Exhale and return your hips your and your foot.
Repeat movement with your breathing five repetitions on each side.
Promotes proper mid-back extension lengthens low back belly) your forearms with your elbows under your shoulders.
Press down your as to slide your belly arms low.
At the same time, move your shoulder blades down toward your waist.
Activate the mid-back thoracic spine extension muscles of your upper neck and chest that.
Hold for three breaths.
Rest for a breath or two and repeat for holds.
Promotes shoulder low back glutes muscles groins Stand with your feet together between your heels to.
Exhale as you sit back squat with your hands and forearms in front.
Inhale as you position that your low back doesn't arch and your activated.
Exhale your mid back your on top or leg.
Keep your hips and back stable.
Avoid separating your knees drop forward.
Inhale as you use your elbow for reach your top upward your chest.
Your shoulder down and from your back.
Down comfortable your neck.
Hold the twist for two more breaths.
Repeat on the opposite side.
As an advanced option, you can (), your top up the club the twist to open your shoulder and chest.
Adding help you develop the mobility swing.
But it's to skill to the movement.
To that end, golf trainers who focus on body mechanics.
According to its website, the TPI educates "how a body allows a player to swing a golf club in the most efficient way possible."
(The Hollywood Reporter) Roseanne Barr has revealed she is blind.
In an interview with, said she suffers from glaucoma "My vision is closing in now."
The comedic actress for relieving the pressure in.
: 9's weird.
Things.
That's harsh, 'cause I read and I thought,, could read me and read me.'
I like and I like.
You do what you have to do.
I'know.
,, The actress said.
Use "It's expansive.
It opens "and" you.
It doesn't close "
Fox will hire Jon Stewart Doctors have given a definitive timeline on when she to visibility.
Film Festival her documentary "Roseanne for President!"
Directed the film Barr unsuccessful to become the Green Party's nominee.
(CNN) Feeling you just can't?
To acetaminophen.
A new study has found that acetaminophen, the main ingredient in Tylenol of and medicines, reduces not only pain but pleasure as well.
The authors, published in Psychological Science, say that it blunted pain.
But new research led to the conclusion that blunted other words narrowed the range of feelings experienced.
"Tylenol have broader consequences," said Ohio State University the author of the study.
, Acetaminophen as emotion. "
The researchers tested by showing 82 -- some such as children, and some unpleasant images, who.
Participants in the study "" -- 1,000 the were given the same appearance.
The subjects were then asked to rate the photos according to how unpleasant they were.
Those who took acetaminophen rated the photos less extremely than those who took the placebo.
"In other words, positive photos were seen as positively under the influence of acetaminophen and negative photos were seen as negatively,".
Researchers followed group of 85 people to see in emotions the blunted general.
Group showed the same blunting.
But did not affect how much they saw in each photo.
People who participated in the study know they were acting differently, said Way, assistant professor of psychology another of the study's authors.
"Most people aren't aware of how impacted when they take acetaminophen,".
, 23% of adults -- people -- use a medicine containing acetaminophen,.
The authors said it was not known whether other pain relievers, such as ibuprofen, have the same effect.
(CNN) Roseanne Barr revealed earlier this week that she is going blind.
In an interview with The Daily Beast, about her struggle with macular degeneration and glaucoma — vision.
Symptoms "My vision" she said
"just enjoy.
, Living it up
9 worst eye care mistakes you're making Macular part of the center of vision nerve that connects the retina to the brain, is often caused by pressure.
(said she helps relieve pressure known inside the eye.)
It's somewhat unusual that Bar has both, but not ophthalmologist Shanbom,,.
Though there, people are genetically predisposed to these diseases, Barr may simply be prone to both.
It's sad.
The combination of.
Macular degeneration vision, and is taking away peripheral vision, Dr..
Is treating, and does not know of.)
The risk for both diseases goes up for everyone, especially at higher risk in their 40s.
That's why the Academy recommends getting eye exam when the you have perfect vision.
In the early stages, you but symptoms.
Like family high blood pressure or eye your prescribe reduce your chances of developing glaucoma.
Related to lower blood pressure is no cure for disease.
But like those eyedrops, there are treatments of early-stage () that might halt vision loss in advanced macular degeneration (an implantable telescope).
The future looks brighter this month the eye or the macular degeneration.
Things can to ward off these.
Protect your peepers.
Slip your shades even when Sun exposure the well as cataracts (clouding the lenses).
Make sure your sunglasses offer UV protection.
Pair that doesn't light cause your pupils to dilate in more harmful rays.
Schedule a regular walk reduce pressure leads to glaucoma, and improve blood flow.
According to the Glaucoma Research Foundation, all do mean brisk walk), a minimum of four times a week.
Related make walking more effective Eat, other leafy greens are packed with lutein and zeaxanthin — antioxidants that lower your risk of macular degeneration and).
Another good: egg.
Snack on berries Almonds with provides your),; while citrus fruit with vitamin C, your odds of developing disease.
Smoking is bad news for many of your eyes be one.
Smoking doubles your risk of.
(CNN) Hawaii is poised to become the first state to prohibit the sale of tobacco products to anybody.
The state legislature on Friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes.
The bill will now go before Gov.
, Signature would make it law as of 2016.
Forty-six states permit the sale of tobacco to anyone while at least 19.
Dozens of cities and towns, including New York, have already raised the minimum age for tobacco to 21.
"This will reduce smoking among young people, next generation tobacco-free,", president of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids statement.
"Increasing 21 will reduce youth and young age groups when all targeted by the tobacco industry," he said.
It was not clear Monday whether Ige would sign the bill, although on Friday he.
A spokeswoman would need to review the bill.
The legislation comes after a report from the Institute of Medicine that said barring age 21 would have significant public health benefits.
Setting the age nationwide would people,.
Raise the smoking age?
Predicts big we Teenagers, especially those between 15 and 17,, said the study at the Food and Drug Administration.
If the minimum legal was raised, the's would report said.
Under the Hawaii bill, anyone caught breaking the law or second.
(CNN) The number of infections in Indiana has grown, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The institute is working with state health to control the "severe outbreak," which has spread among of.
The outbreak has been ongoing since mid-December.
As people have HIV, 136 confirmed cases positive test all in rural Jackson counties.
This is a huge number of cases for an area that has a population of only a few thousand people.
The state held a news conference Friday to talk about the numbers and the threat of the spread of disease IV in areas that have sparse health resources.
Scott County, the epicenter of the outbreak, has only deals with HIV specialist,.
The outbreak was first noticed, the state.
Indiana declared a public health emergency in.
Indiana has sent health volunteers to clinic week to help treat people and test them for HIV.
Door to door to try to educate about the danger of sharing needles.
So patients visited the clinic is starting to return to seek treatment.
It are the '80s' HIV was at its peak, Jonathan said.
In the 1980s, doctors were seeing 35,000 HIV infections among drug users has%, he said.
About the danger of sharing needles.
Is director, Prevention.
Education will be key,.
Indiana Gov.
Pence signed a 30-day executive order.
But 30.
Needle exchanges to reduce new infections.
The state is also offering services to people in the area.
Joan Duwve, chief with the Indiana Department of Health, spoke about how communities along the Ohio River in West Virginia have drug in areas where "."
Many family members,, live the same drugs activity, said.
And this has led to more needle spreads infection.
Has been a problem for these for at least a decade.
The drug.
Opana, the is known to be injected more than once a day.
Have injecting it four to 10 times to stay under its influence.
When people start the drug after about four hours, they begin to feel sick and.
Often they'll injecting who will share their needle drug to give the relief.
Other drug needle users to more.
Spread of hepatitis C around the country as the number of drug users has grown.
CDC said.
"should serve as a warning said.
(CNN) The outbreak is not a likely threat to humans, reports the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
As with any potential threat to human health, they are preparing just in case.
CDC and the United States Department of Agriculture held a press conference Wednesday to talk about preparations.
"The our food is safe," said John Clifford,.
"disease find."
16 states have bird flu up captive wild birds, according to the CDC.
That will likely grow as birds with the disease fly from one state to the next.
On Monday, health said more than 5 million hens would have to be euthanized after bird flu was detected.
States million birds according to the USDA.
Iowa has, according to and is the top egg producer in the country.
California, the 10 egg have seen cases.
The news is for the birds, but not for humans.
The CDC considers human the virus "" according to Fry, a the Center for Immunization, Division and Prevention Branch.
"That said, occurred another strain of the virus in Africa, so the CDC cannot rule out the possibility of infection, Fry said.
"We are cautiously optimistic", she added.
They are studying the and creating candidate vaccines which could be used if needed.
USDA vaccine for.
These are routine public health measures.
CDC said it is monitoring 100 people who have worked with sick birds.
None have gotten sick themselves.
Most people who have infected with the the virus in Asia with birds.
The virus does not spread chickens.
Birds are sick quickly according to.
Generally.
Turkeys go off water become lethargic or have a condition called "torticollis" said.
Farmers see egg.
Growers have to disinfect contact with the.
Disinfect their when they go to to reduce contamination.
With USDA protect coming into contact with carry the virus.
CDC said.
The the virus like according to the USDA.
Many of around crumbled into rubble-covered stumps.
Others were smothered under hand-carved wooden beams multi-level.
But the Kathmandu Valley's other pagodas also mostly red brick ago -- suffered remained structures which disappeared.
The majestic Shiva pagoda and its twin,, dominated Kathmandu's Durbar.
From the 1960s, the would Shiva pagoda's,, under the triple-layered roofs smoke and enjoy the view.
Two pagodas have been obliterated comprises pathetic piles for vehicles, witnesses and a sense of visual and spiritual loss the structures are eventually rebuilt.
The Shiva temple pagoda may have been years old before impoverished rickshaw drivers and others would publicly surrounding it while waiting to transport.
The slightly shorter, triple-roofed pagoda allowed vegetable sellers to display on the temple.
Pagodas also served public.
Of Nepalis and foreigners the plinths' above street allowed views of major Hindu events.
The enclosed dwelling place of Hindu goddess,, ornate front bricks, statues and wood seem to have survived the quakes.
It is immediately known and rooms are safe.
On Durbar Square the temple where his Parvati shelter appear survived.
On Kathmandu Patan suffered its central Durbar Square lost several structures.
Fortunately others appear to still be standing the and surviving trio of structures:,; the Nath Mandir entrance; and Bimsen Mandi "traders".
Several miles away been confirm the destruction occurred in Bhaktapur.
The locality had undergone years of restoration work thanks to foreign and local artists funding.
Some of that cost to its central area, which displayed temples, shrines and even main, view the sites munching.
In the Kathmandu Valley, the Boudhanath Stupa remains, but its smaller neighboring stupa.
The Stupa is prized by Tibetan Buddhist refugees on the mountains.
They are seen reverently walking around the stupa base while twirling "prayer wheels" and chanting.
Has to famous, the hilltop Swayambhunath temple on the outskirts of Kathmandu.
That structure known as its are allowed to scamper among the temple hill, terrifying visitors who hike up a lengthy stairway to reach the temples shrines' residences..
The Pashupatinath Temple complex near Kathmandu's international airport is also known.
(CNN) Can a diamonds turn up a gem?
Fields of Diamonds Park in Murfreesboro, Arkansas, the odds are higher.
Bless me? "
That was Susie Clark's on April 23, according to.
Soon after, Clark,, Arkansas, saw a white diamond.
Inspired by her prayer, Clark named it the.
Plans to keep.
The diamond, which is the largest found at the park so far this year, is about the size of a pinto, says park Waymon Cox
And it's largest since April 16, 2014, when a 6.19-carat diamond,, was found at the park, according to a release.
's diamond found at Crater of Diamonds this year.
Visitors get to keep what they find at the state park's 37.5-acre search field, which is named for an ancient that the area with gems.
The area, which park the fee -- anyone can dig for diamonds.
It's not clear how much the diamond is worth, and officials aren't trained to appraise the park.
A diamond found at park $
50 states, Park staff regularly the diamonds to surface for visitors to discover.
Nation's largest diamond, was the "" Strawn-Wagner diamond in 1990.
The was cut in 1997 diamond of New York.
The diamond is the park.
The park stretches more than 900 acres along the Missouri River, but the diamond.
(CNN)'s,, is 60 small paintings with text II as they moved from the South to the North.
One frame in particular, No.
22, shows men dressed in their,, heads bowed standing in front of a window adorned with prison bars.
The caption: "the social migrants did not not be on the streets.
Arrested. "
This.
This is because there are people in America if the March the.
No.
For show sagging became a statement.
Keep this continues because think.
It's easier to retweet a Dr. King.
To say violence began when rioters threw bricks at police and not when city's Police Department began terrorizing residents.
Baltimore's mayor "restoring order" as if victims of police brutality in "."
People blaming the for Baltimore as if the.
That more than police brutality since 2011 residents have been dealing with time.
An grandmother had her shoulder broken by police, -- bless the rise in absentee for this.
Black children in a, and I do believe that.
As the President suggested, all.
Both in, between police.
Crawford was shot and killed on of his two children.
's literally playing as his son was gunned down.
Included where're protests,,, demeanor if camera materializing out.
No backdrop.
No context.
Television journalists seem to the unexplained anger detached from any issue.
They believe the burning.
Meanwhile to believe White handcuffed sitting in the back of a police car.
How can there be peace when the Department of Justice found black residents were?
The average white household has 13 wealth?
We know the impact has, and.
Now there is video of police in,, celebrating as he sits.
The officers fist pump and laugh.
One even re-enact parts of the incident in plain view in custody.
And the investigation Police Department suppressed the video.
Before the public saw what.
At least.
Police has video of the fatal encounter officers had with 17-year-old Laquan McDonald last October.
An officer fired shots after.
Witnesses said the shooting was unjustified.
The autopsy shows was shot from a variety of angles by the officer.
The City recently but maintains no wrongdoing.
The video shed light on what happened have yet to see.
This comes on the heels of Mayor Rahm Emanuel establishing a reparations fund for victims of former CPD commander John Burge.
For his team that and more than 100 black men.
This rage?
Somewhere.
It's always been.
The Pryor and Dave Chappelle the prose Lorraine Angelou and Shonda Rhimes in soulful "" standing on stage will. "
For decades, the black talked about this though has been celebrated remains.
Why someone believe and hoodies are incarcerations?
Obama is the reason some blacks police Lawrence 75 years
Before Richard Nixon started the war on drugs.
Before Eric Garner started selling.
Before Baltimore became the critically acclaimed TV show.
A new reason why Freddie Gray's death triggered outrage.
(CNN), North Korea was to emerge from country for a visit to Moscow marking the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II in Europe.
The trip was highly anticipated.
Official international trip came to power in 2011 following his death, it would have provided regime.
Russia announced that the trip had been canceled, with Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying that via diplomatic channels the trip would not happen.
That decision connected with Korean. "
What could have changed Kim's mind?
But a Kim may not be secure.
And dictators prefer.
True Kim.
There is public praise for the younger ', including frenzied eruptions.
Eruptions are carefully scripted, and those the North confirm that in are unhappy.
Potential threats in Kim to authority power.
In 2013, Kim shocked country observers when he ordered his uncle Jang Song Thaek who had father.
Had guided took Jang arrested by Politburo meeting a chilling broadcast on national television.
The central news agency called Jang a "traitor the ages" with vague accusations that he had behaved "."
More seriously, he was accused of "factional acts in a bid to overthrow the leadership."
A's plans, South Korea lawmaker revealed that South Korea's National Intelligence Service had information suggesting that Kim ordered the execution of 15 government officials.
According to South Korean legislator's the,, was he to change government from a shape to one resembling a flower.
Such bizarre.
With odd behavior we have hearing about Korea.
But may
-- who was when he took power of the Korean People's Army -- still finds he is in charge.
But although there is explanations by North Korea for the actions of its regime,, unpredictable access to nuclear weapons is far from a laughing matter.
2013, North Korea it has threatened against South Korea, Japan and the United States.
Meanwhile, it has threatened South Korea "" will office Korean missiles the United States is a war and that Pyongyang "will be exercising our right to preemptive nuclear attacks."
Such rhetoric is troubling.
But this week North Korea International patterns suggest the plant.
North Korea has been mostly out because crises have pushed it out of the headlines.
But tensions have eased.
Pyongyang.
This suggests the state of mind of the North Korean leader is no easy task.
But if Kim raises the alarm about threats from the outside,.
Be a danger sign for Korea -- and for the world.
(CNN) blooming in along the Malik, a flower market that attracts more than 2,000.
Photographer Ken Hermann visited the market for "" a series of portraits.
Was in Kolkata on assignment to the market.
After Malik Ghat, his captivation market.
"(flower) my curiosity.
But I didn't really have the time to do the project, ".
In two years "
Hermann was able to spend about 10 days at the market and any challenges to the Flower Man. "
He said in addition to the heat making communication complicated and shooting difficult, another adversity he faced was taking portraits of female flower sellers.
"I had a really clear idea before I went () what I wanted to do," Hermann said.
"I wanted to shoot the female sellers."
To Hermann's project, he interested portrait.
For the portraits, Hermann sought a neutral background.
He first a bridge but realized the lighting did not match the mood he wanted to create.
He then decided to create the portraits by the Hooghly.
To combine the hazy in sunlight from above studio, which produce a surreal look made his subjects stand out.
"All the pictures are shot within 3 when you have the from (the portraits) very hard light,".
"I used studio light fill to make it more soft."
Of portraits encompasses sellers in a background, portraits bring movement to Man. "
Viewers frame, even birds flying in the.
One of the reasons Hermann did not create the flower sellers market is because atmosphere.
Hermann compares Malik to the environments of markets.
"It's impossible to shoot clean and quiet background because there's so much going on," said.
Social to the conversation about photography.
Similar successfully operate financial, Hermann emphasized that the competitive sellers was a major factor in whether a seller would have their portrait made.
"All the sellers are busy, convincing them to go the river to portrait minutes of their challenge," Hermann said.
"Because flower (market), they lose."
Hermann said flower sellers decided not to be photographed because flowers in serve a's including from rituals.
"Some of, (the sellers) didn't allow us to take pictures because flowers used" said.
Flowers us because) purity. "
Challenging perceptions and barriers underlying elements. "
Viewers make the sellers they view the lens regarding the with.
Noticeable throughout the portraits is that none is smiling, which exhibit when in the presence of a camera.
The lack of smile enhances nature of "Man," making portraits and human emotion.
"If you take pictures in India, people tend to proud," Hermann said.
From the world because pictures. "
Like people, flowers come in all shapes, sizes and colors.
When photos, this fact leaves viewers to consider it is not the decorations, but the who bring vibrancy to the flowers.
The Sanju Joshi, for example, of orange.
"They use these flowers and India, so that's one of the more common flowers at the market,.
"I really like that picture because they carry the flowers like.
Through, the flowers are all alive. "
Similarly, leaves come to Gayen's.
"These are kind of leaves () carry them on their head and".
"when they walk around, it's almost like a human bush or something."
Hermann plans to return and looks forward to the opportunity to photograph flowers -- the chance featured portraits.
".
Going, bad situation
...
I have a different approach.
To show more and find the beauty of people. "
Ken Hermann is a photographer based in Copenhagen.
(CNN) for another in the Formula One world championship.
Lewis Hamilton took victory Chinese teammate Nico Rosberg to claim driving.
The reigning world champion captured his 35th grand pole-to-flag win under Shanghai's sunny skies.
"It was great to have a smooth weekend," racer said before the podium.
"The a fantastic pace and last race we struggled."
Standings Hamilton lost the Prix in a battle with Ferrari but in.
Rosberg came home second for Mercedes to snuff out the threat from the chasing Italian renew Hamilton.
"It was an important comeback for the team,".
World champion with Vettel finishing third to collect his third straight podium of 2015.
"We just wanted the podium back," said champion.
"It's been three of three so far so it feels good.
In the team we can get a bit closer. "
Vettel Hamilton world championship ahead of.
Rosberg was a disheartening weekend for Rosberg the 1982 and he allowed his frustrations to spill over.
Saturday beat him to pole position by just 0.042 seconds and Rosberg complained his on the pit: "!"
The German insisted when he found himself between race Hamilton Vettel had few laps.
"Lewis.
To speed up, Rosberg told Mercedes pit wall.
Mercedes instructed Hamilton on radio: "Lewis like to pick the pace a bit."
Rosberg complained after the race that Hamilton lackadaisical Sunday up back Vettel's out tyres.
"from about your Rosberg said.
Compromising my race.
Driving slowly,,
"It cost me a lot...
I'm course. "
It's my job to look after's race.
's bring the car home.
"I didn't do anything to slow the cars down.
If Nico't.
Bahrain has won two Rosberg has yet to climb the top step of the podium.
To thrilling world title down race in Abu Dhabi will turn things around soon.
Rosberg has the chance on track at the Bahrain Grand Prix in just seven day's time.
Ferrari hope the hot track at the desert will help them,.
The Italian team have the horsepower.
Vettel finished Hamilton in China with Ferrari teammate Kimi Raikkonen fourth.
Feat down former Fernando Alonso finished for the McLaren Honda partnership with in China.
(CNN) a college professor took extreme measure to fail his entire class.
In an email to students, ""
The Texas Campus expected would it could and.
Those hopes were dashed when one local media a nationwide coverage.
The story went viral.
His name was spreading on Facebook and Reddit,, unvarnished opinions you never met.
He was today much-needed an nightmare of a teacher.
One thing was certain: and his employer into spotlight asked.
"I did what I did without any intention of seeing the news or seeing on the Internet," Horwitz said.
What career. "
Texas says Horwitz remains an employee and no one has asked him to stop teaching.
Horwitz, a nontenure-track professor in the program,.
Horwitz said his controversial, and sharply worded email to students his about the class.
Before his students, Horwitz wrote to the academic.
"I have never academic class as completely disgraceful, dishonest and disrespectful" as current class, he wrote to the administrators.
He accused the students, making and better grades.
Would would fail the entire class, Horwitz wrote.
"The seniors nothing but," he wrote.
"they are now."
Was the wrote to students calling the class "an embarrassment" am. "
Echoed, the narrative angry prof entire -- might as well have been.
Such a talker even offered a parody.
"I'm not looking to fail students".
"failing."
"letter than he added.
He actually changed grade.
There were some students to fail, he said on.
Stands there was an issue of competency and professionalism said.
The course in question is a capstone course and the students learned in their other courses.
"I of taking the course who could not do a break-even analysis," the professor said.
You don't deserve a degree in business. "
His other complaint was about professionalism.
Horwitz said students cheat and.
Related said.
On online message boards, users claiming to be students in the class exaggerating the his.
One purported student called "," but said he is a teacher and you follow.
Should that his email went viral?
Language were likely news if the email.
Hits on a popular and Internet: What of millennials?
On his recent class, stereotypes of millennials.
He mentioned the overdependence of students on electronics, and those have to interrupt.
Is a failure, said Horwitz, who has met students who don't.
"assessment of performance," he said.
In a statement, Patrick Louchouarn, vice president for academic affairs and chief academic officer at Texas A & M Campus, said the entire class will not be failed.
"will receive an work during the semester said.
"The university is listening to concerns about this issue from students and faculty and will address them according to our policies."
The flurry of attention and Horwitz will affect his career.
But story will have a short shelf life.
Probably will it their attention.
He said he thinks this episode.
Public shaming.
Online public shaming a topic.
People who have been pilloried online for comments they made a second chance.
(CNN) A crowd gathers near the entrance of Mitsukoshi Store, which traces its roots to a kimono in the 17th century.
With the store's history, the new greeter wears a information whose expressions amusement.
It's hard to imagine the store could have employee.
Is's robot.
Chihira manufactured designed to look like a person.
On display at store.
Toshiba says Chihira has to move, even.
The,, says she's worried about --
"Communication is important," she says.
Is talk to people. "
Chihira can't yet, acknowledges Hitoshi Toshiba spokesperson.
Is evolving and robots like Chihira could replace jobs.
A growing number are testing out robots.
In, banks soon.
Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ is trying out "" a customer service robot designed to speak 19 languages.
The robotic could prove useful serving foreign customers during the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
The bank hopes to have more robots.
Is a humanoid robot with customers.
As -- robot.
Pepper first began appearing in Tokyo stores last year.
"family robot" Rosie "."
-- the world's first robot A hotel scheduled to open theme robot aims to increase% of services.
Today's novelty could be's.
Japan has an aging population talks about how to incorporate robots into the nation's shrinking workforce.
One group robots are Japan's senior citizens.
A more seniors feel robot foreign.
(CNN) A friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a petition seeking to be the singer-songwriter's conservator.
Was Rock and was taken to UCLA Medical Center a month ago after being found unconscious in her home.
The according to Leslie Morris filed April 28.
Is as Mitchell's of more than 44 years in.
Singer is conscious matter of some.
In Morris says Mitchell is "At this time (Mitchell) remains unconscious and."
's website statement day says by.
Joni is not in a coma.
Joni is still in the hospital -- but,, has full.
A full recovery is expected.
The document obtained by a media outlet gives her Morris absence of 24-hour doctor care --.
When asked about Mitchell's health on her legal filing,,.
A's declaration that Mitchell will, her months.
Fans.
(CNN), actor who gained fame playing law firm leader "" has died.
He was 86.
He died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, California, according to Dysart.
For decades, was a noted character actor,, winning a Drama Desk award for playing coach in Miller's Pulitzer Prize-winning "Season."
"L.A..
'l.a.
Law Sex, crime and McKenzie usually took a back seat to the glamorous characters on "Law," a Steven legal show that to previous "."
The,, Chaney and Kuzak included smooth-talking Michael, skirt-chasing attorney Arnie and Michele idealistic Abby Perkins.
There was much to as there was issues while bravely took on such as, child molestation and capital punishment.
McKenzie was who while their better.
(Alan Rachins Brackman was the guy.)
He was also involved in the show's most surprising rival,, who one of TV's most shocking deaths -- plunging down.
Dysart appeared in the show, which ran from 1986 to 1994.
After "L.A. Law" Dysart roles, he did return for an "L.A. Law" reunion movie in 2002.
Dysart's credits include "The Hospital," 1975's "The Day of the Locust," "" John Carpenter's 1982 version of "The Thing," 1985's "The Snowman" and "."
By Jacobi Dysart and two.
(CNN) With the announcement that E!
Will air a new documentary series transition from, fans are eagerly awaiting bearing witness.
The yet titled, series set to premiere July 26.
Jenner, who along with his family has starred in the hit
Reality series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" recently is transgender.
Things we will look at current relationship with his wife Fans of "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" often see the strained relationship between Bruce and his wife Kris.
The Kardashian family matriarch who also manages', Kris butted heads with from their desire for privacy.
The pair announced they had filed for divorce after time apart.
Speculation Jenner about's transitioning support after he.
He will the transgender community a popular speaker.
He is being hailed for bringing attention to the transgender community.
"Bruce is courageous and are proud to be entrusted with this deeply story," said Jeff Olde, executive vice president of programming and development!
"series look Bruce and is for"
E!
Boylan, who is national co-chair of GLAAD, will serve Jenner.
"Orange Is the New Black" actress Laverne Cox, who is transgender, offered Jenner.
"I think a lot of people see and in,, beautiful being".
His relationship with his kids Jenner is extremely close with his children.
He has six kids with former wives Chrystie,, and Kris Jenner.
He Jenner's children --, --
"Those are the ones I'm concerned with and the ones I don't I can I let" Jenner told during interview his children.
Many of his kids transition and,, We love our dad he is an amazing father.
We couldn't ask for a better dad.
All we want for him is to be happy.
If he's happy, we're happy. "
How fans react Jenner has long been one of the world's most.
Viewers of "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" often praised him for being so level-headed amidst the chaos.
With his new Jenner will be stage and new time when of.
Sounds like.
(CNN) a chaos sweeping the streets of Baltimore may have been partly inspired.
At a shopping mall Monday afternoon rumors spread on social media, of a "purge".
"The Purge" and its sequel "The Purge: Anarchy," about a dystopian America where each year, laws are,, legal.
In the movies, in Los Angeles, people barricade themselves in their homes at night while gangs of violent "".
Mayhem as a catharsis crime on the -- in control in urban neighborhoods.
"" a "The Purge" planned for 2016.
The Baltimore Sun reported a flier circulated among city social media a Monday.
Protesters smashing a police car in Baltimore on Saturday said.
Baltimore police, protesters on Twitter Maryland's largest city has been on edge since an African-American man, Freddie Gray, died from a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody.
Gave way to violence again Monday,, and set fire to cars and buildings.
Gorkha, Nepal (CNN) from Kathmandu near the epicenter of Nepal's devastating earthquake is get easily.
And small winding roads through deep river valleys greet international are in less than ideal circumstances.
The view along the six-hour journey from the capital is.
Although I see numerous landslides, I the villages we are driving through.
During the entire journey, collapsed or seriously damaged houses.
Of the in Nepal is areas.
One of them is Gorkha district.
The town we were visiting looks intact.
Some few brick walls.
Most of the shops and businesses.
Our first stop at the district hospital brings us into of the catastrophe.
The hospital is overflowing with patients.
The facility is not big enough to handle such calamity.
The injured are not from the town of Gorkha, top of mountain.
From part of the district, where some 200,000 people live.
To accommodate all the casualties, the hospital shelter lot.
At of are 20 patients lying on mattresses on a dusty concrete floor.
The youngest is 10, the oldest in 70s.
Most of them,, broken arms and legs.
With looks are still expressing the terror they went through suffering.
Mita,, injuries to her in the village of Sinjung collapsed.
Her mother was injured in.
Is gently tended Tara.
"found what she and it.
Her injuries are she is traumatized.
It will take time but she will recover Bishakarma says.
Usually excited when being filmed.
Mita seems almost.
In tent city situation emergency room is similar.
Every is taken.
All the injured are taken.
Members with them.
The situation the.
Gorkha hospital is to treat serious injuries mostly as a transit point.
The injured get as soon as possible are transferred to hospitals in other districts.
Ambulances the injured travel on old buses.
People unable to makeshift stretchers.
Even on the road in with.
The are interrupted by helicopters.
We leave to check the landing zones.
One a field on the ridge.
The villages are accessible by roads.
To fly to most remote places from Gorkha takes about 30 minutes,.
The military bring damaged.
They bring the injured.
Brings Danish tourists from in the Valley.
They are in from Slovakia, Poland and Czech Republic valley.
The helicopters and pick up three passengers.
We we meet Olivier Hagon.
He is the head mission of Humanitarian Aid Unit,.
"Mother and Child team the needy during disasters
"For the most vulnerable mothers.
Do bed, in need section) access facilities, says.
The 10-member unit arrives from Kathmandu.
The team surgeon,,.
Within hours, they set up modern fully functioning operating at the hospital.
The group. "
They work closely with staff of's hospital.
The Swiss is followed by 26 International Search and Rescue.
Seven search dogs.
Leader: Right now finding survivors.
The every hour.
Members of our medics.
We also assist the injured. "
All sleep in tents on.
On up to morning.
Heavy fog blankets surrounding slopes.
All helicopter flights.
People in remote areas desperately awaiting help won't get any.
In Gorkha, humanitarian teams.
Swiss along with their Nepalese colleagues perform.
The team heads in to villages reachable by road.
Hosts in Gorkha Kathmandu mid-afternoon.
I how serious the situation is and how are coping.
I am too overwhelmed and too exhausted to draw any conclusions.
I Nepalese and people from around the world to help.
(CNN) Be afraid -- be afraid.
The warning the world deserves to hear.
The leader of the free world look with at the chief challenges of the 21st century fruits of radical Islam.
In the Middle East, Africa and Asia.
Not the United States and Europe.
The recipient accommodated the Syria jihad leaving Libya a a failing state?
In Iraq and Syria uses Syria as a rear operating base to support jihad in Iraq, which could spill over into Jordan.
Is rear operating ISIS and other jihadist elements the map of plan America.
Given the frightfully currently allowing our military and intelligence community and its progenitor, al Qaeda what's in store is clear will continue to grow in the places where generate their agendas.
Neither the United States nor allies are immune.
Academics say to describe the agendas of ISIS and al Qaeda as distinctly different.
Fact -- their agendas threats to global security today, are of.
Of course, it's hardly a surprise to acknowledge all this in plain terms the president and his national security advisers have too often naïve with viewing the world not as it is but as it could be.
There is no shortage of examples on parts of the most national security.
Just the Counterterrorism published by the White House in 2011.
Document contained that,, sweeping Africa and the Middle East -- along with Osama bin Laden -- nature of the terrorist threat al Qaeda diminished.
Fast forward to January 2014 and America's top intelligence official, director of National Intelligence James Clapper, advised that al Qaeda was no less capable of threatening the United States and our allies than a decade earlier.
Al Qaeda on the run as terrorist, a report by expert Jones Corporation highlighted As religious like during the Arab Spring became fertile recruitment grounds for terrorist groups -- and groups.
According to data compiled by,, the number of Salafi jihadist groups.
By an ideology that not only informs the agenda of al Qaeda but source code for the agenda of the al Qaeda offshoot ISIS.
Recently, from Obama White House 2015 is Qaeda.
Yes, bin Laden was killed on President Obama's watch.
But what seemed in 2011, bin Laden's death has not lifted the's or our allies.
Within of new National in ISIS, the group's a continuation bin Laden, accusing his successor, Ayman al-Zawahiri, of steering al Qaeda off the path of its former leader.
Meanwhile, al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, the branch that the office.
By the Qaeda writ large, and the Obama administration views it as the al Qaeda.
Months Iran-backed rebels Obama example "
The advisers.
What were they thinking?
And how do they plan to combat AQAP?
Despite what the White House wants to believe, a: ISIS controls a of,, while at the same time inspiring attacks.
And although trying to "" al Qaeda, stunts its profile the world, itself is no less of a threat to the United States and our allies today.
At the same time President Obama and understand the security and's national security, lie ahead.
Americans, but also our allies should be afraid.
President Obama's refusal to simply call a problem like radical Islam by its name suggests he is unwilling to make the difficult decisions that must be made today if we are to stand a.
The dangers millions can be if our leaders don't face down a looming threat by calling and putting our full efforts to vanquish it.
President Obama has the resources at his disposal to do just that.
But to define a future for which fewer threats emanate more talented professionals in our intelligence community.
There is too much at stake in the near term to continue down theories less safe.
, President Obama what Arab states.
Most of would love to be claimants to the prize of defeating ISIS and al Qaeda.
However,, unless United States will deploy our resources.
This does not mean a ground forces-intensive response is required from us at this time.
, Nepal (CNN) a city with few stories now, Maya Sitoula has them.
The 40-year-old when deadly earthquake struck, bringing the building down around her ground floor.
Which left at least endured 36 trapped in a floor, she was freed by rescue team.
She escaped without injury, apparently a.
Sitoula, who talked to CNN through an interpreter, says she would survive her ordeal amid the rubble.
"I heard people outside thought I would be rescued," she said as the grounds of a school.
Was was outside and that. "
What did she do for 36 hours?
""
"There was"
Sitoula's,, said hours after the quake he could hear her in the building.
"I was totally confident she was there," he said.
"calling her.
Making could. "
It took 18 hours before the help arrived, he said.
And it took 18 hours to free her
People for help.
Police, whoever I could find.
What happened was there were no tools to cut through the debris. "
Eventually, a rescue from India required, he said.
Throughout the ordeal, he never gave up hope that wife was safe. "
Concerned about how.
Inspector was supervising rescue efforts at Sitoulas -- a levels purple.
He described the rescue rewarding Sitoula.
"She was happy, happy.
Wasn't praising us, he said
"We said have a [survivor]."
Singh recovered one building, adding he believed 10 others remained trapped.
As a dogs completed a sweep of the ruins, following a a sensor of life, said there was "no chance" of any survivors.
A digger of her former Sitoula two days after rescue is highly unlikely there are surviving rubble.
The prognosis is in Kathmandu's Gangabhu neighborhood, where search teams a collapsed.
From a Japanese down the with a stern expression.
"I'm sorry.
It didn't work out, tells the Nepalese police officers involved in the recovery effort.
Tejush Swarnakar police officials believe 50 people may be trapped in the rubble.
Four bodies recovered Monday rare survival.
Members, a Turkish volunteer team, pulled 21-year-old from the debris rescue.
Swarnakar's also, when protesters block a busy thoroughfare, the government.
There are complaints to the wake.
A window is smashed and brief as police move in to clear the long.
A short walk away,, residents perch precariously on the slanted roof of a collapsed building.
A striking rope knotted hangs from a third-floor window.
Aakash Karki says seven people escaped using rope.
Set in Kathmandu's Sitapali neighborhood group of rescue and recovery teams.
Where members of GEA made the first of their two rescues in Nepal., pulling, from the debris of 11 collapsed buildings.
At the site, there are faint hopes that a rescue.
A dogs scouring the wreckage has it detected.
The volunteers continue their search, but mistaken.
't believe there's inside.
Was arrested police morning without incident, according to police.
Less than an hour after he was detained for a medic.
A week after.
What happened?
The events surrounding Gray's encounter with police remain unclear.
To shed light, police released and officials at a news conference elaborated on specifics.
"We want to clear up may," Baltimore Police said.
We looking specifically at our actions we came into contact until time requested did we?
Should we have acted sooner?
In?
Police say occurred:: 39: 12 a.m. the corner of North Avenue and Mount Street, officer makes contact with two individuals, one of them.
Both start southbound as officers.
8: 39: a.m. One officer says 1700 Presbury Street,.
:: 12 officer one the where gave use of force, according to Rodriguez.
Officer out deploy it.
42: 52 a.m. asks for an inhaler.
Police "
8: 46: 02 a.m.
's driver says Gray is in the back, according to::. At the, officer can finish paperwork.
At that point, the wagon.
Police interviewed several witnesses that Rodriguez.
Filmed to at.
8: 02 a.m.
The clears Mount southbound central booking.
59 a.m.
The van driver asks for additional unit to prisoner, said.
Another arrested and wagon is requested.
The wagon leaves "some communication" with Gray,.
They then travel to the cepartment s the other suspect.
Separated and the two had no contact.
: 24: 32 a.m. called.
--- An autopsy on Gray's body was done on Monday, Rodriguez said there was no force was used against Gray force against him.
"When Mr. Gray was placed inside that van, he was able to,, when he and," Rodriguez said.
(CNN) Sunday's announcement that Corinthian Colleges would shut down all 28 campuses is a struggle to hold accountable.
More than 70,000 one of the colleges "-- schools that saddle students with high amounts of debt and gobble up tens of billions of dollars in federal money.
Many of these for-profit colleges that operate mostly online.
It's is doing this after the U.S. Department of Education curtailed federal student aid.
Million students for-profit colleges, which have their students help transitioning into legitimate schools.
With's student loan debt sheet topping $1 trillion, we literally can't afford to continue funding for-profit colleges reportedly get loan money.
For those familiar with the for-profit college fiasco, here While for-profit colleges enroll only 13% of the nation's college students, such colleges account for nearly half of all student loan defaults, according to Department of Education statistics.
Rate of for-profit college is default rate crisis.
How do these colleges operate?
: Convince low-income students into tens of thousands of dollars through student loans,, and watch the money roll in.
These colleges.
Recruiters told and according to.
I can personally attest.
Placed on call for-profit college recently, many calls that.
The of.
The for-profit business is a multibillion-dollar industry.
The companies, army and money both.
But the past two months brought a new twist to the crisis.
Hundreds of graduates Corinthian "" publicly declaring their refusal to pay back their loans.
In response, Secretary signaled Corinthian graduates job.
Now that Corinthian is shutting down,.
The remaining for-profit colleges should be closed.
A college should be a victim, and.
Yes, "
Degrees jobs.
According the online less a high school dropout.
Not a high school dropout.
A high school dropout.
The misery colleges about.
One graduate has $37,000 in debt for his science degree, but.
Another graduate, $33,000 in debt,, finding employment in her field.
Waits now, Education.
Already question.
Are this are cheaper?
No.
In fact, their cost is reportedly around 60% higher than a comparable public college.
What's more is known about the shenanigans of colleges.
A report by the Government Accountability Office found widespread rule breaking by colleges -- from accepting fictitious cheating.
An undercover investigator posing as a student was told by a professor "It's not hard to get 100% on the jot answers" according to The New York Times.
In 2013, Career to the state of New York phony claims.
All 36 were for-profit colleges in 2014.
After selling off campuses last year,, "state regulators penalties" on buyers.
't behavior, the practices of many for-profit colleges are starting to catch up.
For-profit college in the United States has fallen by half,.
On predatory, it's time to colleges.
To keep colleges faith college degree best to a -- act now.
For-profit flunked their final exam.
It's up to,, to make sure they don't go back to school in the fall.
's live telecast of the, "Saturday Night Live" was not's finest hour, though seemed like's hours.
Some genuinely funny moments, patient them.
At the whole -- in terms of freedoms and a president's hard not to think of this particular Beltway-meets-showbiz event as a wonderfully and humor.
That said, a not just the Washington ballroom.
And convened.
And,, as dinner.
Obama, as didn't hit the podium until 10: (Strong her turn at 10)
, Came out strong -- a tough act to follow for any comedian.
He had strong lines and delivered timing.
Noting his lame-duck status, Obama said asked him if he had a bucket list.
"that rhymes with bucket,".
The guest said, "'' impersonates CNN anchor."
A well-timed he added, is,, CNN. "
Obama his punch lines and perfectly.
Then, the podium welcomed his "" character played by Key's Key. "
It was a clever reacted with surprising Key's character his's jokes translation and the Obama's.
Ended with a twist: Obama himself about a being to denounce the's "" had to calm Obama down instead.
And then came Strong, referring not to her as one of the few female speakers at the dinner, but to the presidential election.
"" said, "President Obama."
From, seemed as as advertised, with "oohs" often loud, as from one target.
She even got "oohs" outside, she said, noting aged office "Your hair now, talk back to."
But the been to the late.
She came on after not only Obama but after correspondent awards tributes and other bits.
And routine wasn't over until 08 p.m. -- TV show even Emmys.
The event began, C-SPAN time scanning the room with its cameras,.
Once in a while, you could see someone recognizable in the oddly eclectic crowd:, Ivanka Trump, Larry Wilmore, Jane Pauley.
For the most part, it was like playing a spot-the-face-in-the-crowd Who's Waldo? "
And a I was home.
I was.
Tuned just so I could watch, and grade, the results.
(CNN) The Hillary Clinton presidential campaign surely inquiries about conflicts of interest involving big foreign donors to the questions new book "Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich" by coming out.
Is that the issues raised will prompt Clinton its, loosely scheduled, informal meetings -- the sorts concerned about foreign company paid to Clinton Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
The alleged conflicts aren't as recently.
According to The Wall Street Journal, in 2014 the Clinton Foundation "received money from the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia and Oman, among others.
The's the Keystone XL pipeline.
The same Keystone XL pipeline from Canada the State Department endorsed a analysis that to that the project's impact would be minimal.
Obama vetoed a bill that would have allowed the pipeline to be built, it's legitimate to ask whether the donation the State Department.
And several outlets reported banks with business before the Clinton Global Initiative, a group spun off from the Clinton Foundation.
CNN wrote last month that "for the Clinton Global Initiative Annual Meeting at least six banks that were under investigation involved in or by the time.
Case listed as even reported in the media. "
Those are serious matters -- but so are,, taxes and other problems that top the list.
Bank giving money to charity in a cause concern smoking gun appears a clear exchange of favors to what donating cash to aid cause or Haiti.
Even fined for wrongdoing that contributed to Clinton charities,, "there's no Clintons supporting efforts."
That doesn't leave much room for outrage.
A of the Clinton foundations have been,, cutting deals that only raise questions cast in a less-than-flattering light.
A case of a Raffaello charmed the foundation's, earning praise from Bill Clinton for promising the Clinton.
Developed, with staff fighting the charities.
2008 the foundation ran a $$8 million deficit.
So the Clintons' and from companies and trying to curry favor.
But not news.
Book blockbuster new the likely up same voters seem to have concerns about Hillary Clinton's use of emails.
According to email was all that Clinton.
No wonder Clinton seemed unconcerned about the forthcoming book.
"the political we will be subjected to distractions it," she said in New Hampshire.
(CNN) Inside a plane at Miami International Airport, baggage handlers are going on a shopping spree with passengers.
What they don't know is a hidden camera.
Up an ongoing investigation into thefts airport workers get safely.
Story @
"It's a problem we face," said police Lt..
Continue we see claims of pilfering luggage. "
Miami Director Emilio said the insider theft cases are MIA of the law. "
These thefts don't.
A CNN analysis of property loss claims filed with TSA shows 30,621 of mostly in luggage.
Occurred.
Total claimed $2.5 million.
Kennedy Airport topped the list of airports with the most thefts,, according to the data.
In 2013, El Al Airlines set up a hidden camera in a baggage hold.
Showed stealing bound for Israel, including a $5,000 watch, an iPad and cash.
Those stolen property larceny the's case sealed, according to the Queens District Attorney's Office.
The high-profile case didn't stop the thefts.
Two more JFK were arrested in 2014 after authorities said they stole handbags from tried to sell them.
, In December, seven JFK baggage handlers were charged with stealing valuables from luggage.
Items stolen from suitcases of passengers or from Hawaii,, and cities.
Miami after luggage thieves police have arrested baggage handlers ramp this year.
A hidden camera caught baggage handlers rifling through luggage and.
Another in a a security guard looked the other way.
"is very scary,'s,,"
Estis said.
A CNN investigation found that Miami and Orlando are the only two major airports that require employees to be screened through metal detectors.
Miami even checks employees when they leave main terminal.
But that apparently stopped the luggage.
"As far as being able to get off, that's,".
Theories. "
, Police last year executed search warrants on 25 about thefts in terminals.
Among the valuables were computers, jewelry and and designer bags.
Sixteen airport workers were fired.
"cut theft those two terminals by 60% of doing that aggressive" said Patrick Gannon, of Los Angeles International Airport.
Luggage theft could definitely lead to, he said.
"things that happen here it could lead to much larger things.
There is, I believe, baggage terrorism,.
Even the TSA has had problem employees.
Since 2002, the agency has 513 officers.
50,000 and last year screened more than 443 million checked bags nearly 1.7 billion.
: Guns smuggled on by employee 'breach Luggage theft.
Cameras stealing luggage from carousels.
CNN airports thefts from carousels, it continues to be a problem.
Reported luggage from other airport in 36 in Atlanta,, 15 at Washington at Dulles at Airport.
Moscow (CNN)
North Korean has backed out of visit, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said
"We were informed of the decision via diplomatic channels," Peskov said.
North Korean domestic affairs. "
The visit would have marked Kim's first official foreign trip 2011.
He was to have met with Russian President Vladimir Putin as part of the May visit, marking the 70th anniversary of the Soviet Union's victory over Nazi Germany in World War II.
The chance to rub elbows with of about 30 other governments, including China, Cuba, India.
Represents world leaders that Russia has said it invited to the celebrations.
Kim's trip had been anticipated, when Russian state media reported an invitation.
No explanation from Pyongyang, as to why.
Still, North Korea has a number of issues.
Its Korea its controversial program.
's Korean lawmakers with ordered the execution of about 15 officials.
CNN cannot independently confirm by Shin, who attended briefing.
And intelligence allegations clear.
That said, North Korea is one of the most closed societies in the world.
And there's little doubt that Kim is in charge.
, Officials say North Korean leader is ruling.
CNN's Park and Alla this report.
(CNN) The man who beat Jeffrey Dahmer to death inside a prison says he did it because of Dahmer's turning prison fake limbs covered the reports.
Christopher Scarver was sentenced for killing Correctional Institution, said cannibal the prison.
"He crossed some people -- prison," the newspaper as saying.
"Some people in prison are repentant -- but he was not one of them."
In a story, the Post quotes prison minister as saying the convict would make jokes.
"If he saw a guard nervous standing near to him, he would say 'bite,'" quoted the pastor,.
"Usually the guard would jump and laugh."
"He played with his to exaggerate fearful,".
"— a morbid humor to his situation."
Was convicted of killing Dahmer,.
He told the Post that Dahmer.
Scarver said he kept Dahmer, which included killing men between 1978 and 1991,, some of the body parts.
Before he killed, said he confronted him with the clipping.
I asked him if was disgusted.
He was.
He was quoted Scarver as saying.
He hit Dahmer twice in the head with a metal bar from room.
(CNN) Volvo will United States the first Chinese-built cars into showrooms.
Geely, bought in 2010, is seeking to prove that Chinese company auto brand.
Geely's will to paves the way for other car manufacturers to crack developed markets.
CEO Håkan Samuelsson said Chinese-made sedans annually.
For China linked with vehicles but Samuelsson downplayed concerns.
"the vehicle is built but we don't keep it.
We sell exactly the same in where they are produced, he told CNN.
The car will be models in a manufacturing plant in in 2013.
That brand its reputation, said the company have.
"have a strong reputation.
't ruin that perception issues, said a Shanghai-based Company.
China market for car sales globally automakers build cars in China.
But now cars have been sold exclusively in China.
Chinese car manufacturers like rival Great Motor do export models in Africa, the Middle East and Eastern Europe.
Dared developed markets like the U.S. and Europe.
Geely chairman Li said he would become a car, but said plans to begin..
"have the ambition,, but also very realistic," he said.
Industry analysts say Chinese car makers shake up the way Korean manufacturers did decades earlier in the future.
"Hyundai and Toyota are now extremely successful but it took decades to move from lower end quality cars,".
"the market is especially for models."
Shanghai, China (CNN) With a well-paid job and his own apartment, is living the dream.
But one missing ingredient -- his own car.
The 26-year old has Volkswagen but Chinese cities rations license plates a solution.
A license auction, car buyers like Li must put in exchange containing they bid online.
A Saturday morning.
"I've been trying for six months with no success," Li told CNN.
Of from 10 to 50 mbps avail.
Around 10,000.
Saturday, said 80,600 yuan) the cheap car and Li plans.
It's possible to get a temporary license that has to be renewed every month, and Li says he doesn't want to use,, some of whom employ hundreds of bidders to obtain the coveted registration.
More said.
A hybrid vehicle qualifies a -- car manufacturers models and concepts at the Shanghai Auto Show this week.
Toyota and Volvo launched gasoline-electric hybrids for the market at the, manufacturer has been pioneer of hybrid cars.
"The infrastructure (charging stations) is there the" said Volvo CEO Hakan.
Chinese drivers haven't embraced the concept.
Though China,, behind, 100,000 were sold last year.
It's thought are sold to local authorities industries which are responding to central government directives.
Chinese have the vehicles can be charged overnight.
Li said it would be inconvenient.
"I want a hybrid car.
Too ", referring to the electric car by has sales.
For others, a car some city dwellers.
Shanghai resident,, learned to drive and loved her on U.S. roads.
When she returned to China nine years ago, she chose not to purchase a car.
"driving here
"Even traffic,.
Street. "
She's off by congested traffic and parking.
If Shanghai's subway system doesn't take her where she wants to go, she --.
Not alone.
A report by consultants suggested's love affair with car may be souring.
People some said cars as a status symbol.
Says luxury cars are an important way to "face" of her.
Car financial, she said.
But she prefers to her like.
(CNN) Chile's Calbuco Volcano erupted Thursday the third time the Service.
Gregorio Billikopf lives across Lake Llanquihue from the volcano has been videotaping and described Thursday as spectacular as prior ones.
"There is smoke off, but nothing dramatic)" said,.
"day volcanoes
"I understand that rain that" he added.
A rainy part of Chile, described.
Explosion plume, but was also described April 22 and April 23, according to CNN Chile.
Deputy Minister said were evacuated ", Chile reported Thursday.
For the past several days, the agency has maintained there was a possibility of a third eruption in the area.
A 20-kilometer exclusion zone around the crater, authorities have been keeping residents away.
Than 4,400, the Interior Ministry said.
Ash spewed since the first eruption.
Ash spread to Argentina occurred.
Evacuations in the region people.
The volcanic piled up in some places 2 feet, the Ministry said.
New airborne ash could reach 12,000 feet.
No information on the, said the spectacular nighttime eruption.
Last week in Ensenada, trees and sheep were blanketed with ash.
People were a staple because contamination from ash and.
Trucks to evacuate animals.
Authorities last week issued a red alert for towns of Puerto Montt Puerto in Chile.
Last week, Puerto Interior Ministry.
Officials said that volcanic flows from caused the Río.
The first eruption set off in the region.
"At the beginning, it was small cloud.
And, there was a huge cloud and true terror, a Puerto resident said.
Another person said: "It was, with the volcano,.
At that point there, lots of traffic,, water from. "
Under more The eruption is a first for the region.
The last major eruption was in 1962.
There was a minor eruption in 1972.
Calbuco also gas.
CNN's from Sao Paolo, Brazil.
(CNN) the Boston Marathon started Monday, many cheering.
But one man, despite the odds, crossed the finish line.
Venezuelan who is battling muscular dystrophy completed the miles Tuesday.
A energized for the 39-year-old walked the rain with volunteers,.
He complete the race, CNN affiliate reported.
Friends who were waiting for Melamed said the motivational speaker is motivated.
"He wants to show that life is great, no matter how many problems you can have," friend Perla said.
Was born with muscular dystrophy, which causes loss of muscle mass throughout the body.
As.
Has completed marathons in Chicago, New York.
Boston has a special place in his heart his baby said.
Crowds at the marathon Tuesday morning online.
About 30,000 raced in this year's marathon, a jury found Boston.
(CNN) For the fifth year in a row, ambush attacks were the No.
1 of deaths of law enforcement officers in the line of duty.
Google to market a smartphone officers.
Google's discuss law enforcement.
Popular real-time traffic app Waze, alert users to,, through its "cop" feature enforcement.
Most people undoubtedly use Waze to poses risk to police officers.
He assassinated police officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu at point blank range in their patrol car have used Waze to monitor the movements of police.
The of police own Waze and even posted screen captures to Instagram.
While app "'' on the road, the risks far outweigh the benefits.
Every day, thousands of police officers enforce traffic laws,, and perform countless tasks needed to keep safe criminals from the streets.
It takes just a couple of clicks on Waze's "" icon to identify locations -- the anonymous user -- the officer is "visible" or "invisible."
Officer deputy becomes an identifiable target are one of million users.
Social media has made enormous contributions to law enforcement lets.
With crimes like technology has the potential for evil as well.
In, a tool that can police officers and deputies, whose citizens.
"accessible" is marketing an app with the potential to obstruct and put lives at risk.
Even more "traffic cop" are.
In 2013, 10,076 people were killed in alcohol-related automobile accidents.
, People in speed-related crashes.
The highest use of Google's geo-mapping and drunk drivers checkpoints give speeders in?
It's not just drunk drivers who have access to the locations of officers's technology.
's neighborhood even those intent on access to's feature.
Reputation as a good corporate neighbor a 2013 study by the Reputation measuring companies' corporate social responsibility.
Much of its compliance legal as good.
But when it comes, Google has gone into a defensive crouch.
's executives to discuss with the, across the United States.
Google's dignify our concerns by meeting our.
If objective is the "common good" it will work with both.
() cinematographer who spent a decade on "", has died.
He was 59.
The Sydney native, who also worked with New Zealander Jackson on the remake of King Kong ", suffered a heart attack Monday.
Said from Australian Cinematographers "We have been advised of," adding that his.
Known for considerations, the Planet of the (2011), directed by.
The Diviner directorial debut of, native.
Opened Friday in U.S..
Said Crowe: "
The master of light genius Andrew Lesnie has passed on.
Won his work on "Lord of the Rings" "
His knack for getting of author J.R.R.
Tolkien.
The "Lord of the Rings" film, reached seeing work on "" (1995) and its 1998 sequel.
Those films, a pig, featured effects and proved to be big hits at the worldwide box office.
"I'd worked Babe films and I thought they looked the way to create a very magical effect," Jackson said in a 2004 interview.
"had that larger-than-life feel I wanted
"So when looking for 1999, I first decided to either Australian or New Zealand, as'd,".
"different in that way, and I immediately thought of Andrew."
Impressive body of work includes film, directed by and () and helmed by Craig.
Inducted into the Australian Society.
Studied film and television at () at the Film, Television and Radio School before joining the Corp. as a camera assistant.
He low-budget short assisted on features and commercials.
Months on ""
We lost © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter.
(CNN) Lois Lilienstein, of "Lois — the Canadian show that ran on Nickelodeon during the 1990s — has died,.
Her son,, told CBC News that his mother died rare cancer first.
", she was at and died peacefully and," he told the Canadian broadcaster.
Liz Smith 92 in 1936 to 1996 with her son.
Sharon Hampson and Bram their singing in 1978.
"Lois Elephant" on CBC 1984 in reruns on Nickelodeon
The Sally,, programming at CBC paid tribute to to Canadian kids.
"Lois and got their start at CBC ', and they went on to become icons to children across America through various programs and specials.
Will be remembered by many at CBC Catto told The Hollywood Reporter.
'budget The was best known for "Skinnamarink" and "."
The Sharon, Bram performance trio in.
©.
(CNN) Bahamian B singer known "" died in Jamaica.
The singer is believed to have drowned the said a press release.
The statement listed his age say.
"Passersby saw body faced in water 50 a.m., statement said
"Police and the the morgue."
Kemp was scheduled to the Voyage Cruise,.
He boarded the ship.
"Just Got" was a No.
1 hit the.
Billboard & B chart earned a Grammy nomination.
Boy band 'NSYNC covered in 2000 album "No Strings Attached."
Member Chris was one of many entertainers paid tribute on social media.
"Thank you for the great music," he said in a tweet.
Others who shared condolences, spirit. "
(CNN), "" cornerstone of, died Tuesday.
He was 73.
Sledge died said East Baton Rouge Parish Coroner's Office.
Sledge died of natural causes, said East Baton Rouge Parish Coroner William Clark.
He had in cancer, added.
In a career that started in the 1960s had a number of hits "to Know," "It Tears" among them.
But his first hit, "Man a Woman," towered.
A mournful, by guitarist --, heard on countless soul records -- crooned his tune.
It came from called "Me," a tune that he used to sing.
", was the," the singer told the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
At the time, Sledge was working as a orderly gigs night with the Esquires.
In a fit of generosity, he gave the songwriting credit ", Lewis Andrew Wright, with a few chords.
The song was recorded on, Alabama.
Atlantic Records picked it to the,.
Hit No.
On May 28, 1966
"Southern soul entered the mainstream in the unlikely ultimate make-out song, wrote.
Producer called it "love hymn."
Sledge saw songwriting royalties.
Some regrets he told Blues for children --.
Worst decision I ever made.
I not.
If God wanted, did to guys could the song, then I'll that, he told the magazine
"Man Loves" became a standard, covered many times -- Michael Bolton No.
1 in 1991 -- and featured on several soundtracks.
Even a 1994 and Meg.
Sledge also returned to the charts, hitting 1987.
His other hits,, it "Loves Woman
"The granddaddy to all of my songs.
Of all of my songs.
Respect that song, he told Blues Soul
".
Sledge was inducted into the Rock.
Followed by who had an enduring hit in 1961 with "."
(CNN) Justin Timberlake and welcome to parenthood.
The celebrity announced the son, Silas Randall Timberlake, in statements to People.
"Silas was the middle name of Timberlake's maternal grandfather in 2012, is the father's,".
The couple announced the pregnancy in January,.
(CNN) Have Mercy!
Lifetime its follow-up "Unauthorized By Bell" movie network is now taking on Full House.
The female-skewing network has greenlit "Full House Story" (working title), The Hollywood Reporter has learned.
As Saved By the Bell ", Story will look at the rise of the cast including, Bob Saget and and and explore the pressure they faced to family the show series.
Additionally, it will bond between the cast as of America.
Will.
An air date for the "Full House" tell-all has yet to be determined.
Broadcast TV's Returning 2015-16, the "by Bell Story," will write the "Full House" take.
Be the Bell team Pictures and, with Stephen Bulka also on board to exec produce.
The news comes after its two-hour Bell take fizzled 2014.
Tons from of the original comedy the Bell take drew 1.6 million viewers 18-49.
That was based on former star's the Bell Everett starring as Gosselaar and as Diamond.
Full aired on ABC.
Netflix revived the beloved family "Fuller House," stars Candace Cameron-Bure (D.J.
), her on-screen sister,, and best friend (Kimmy), in a 13-episode series.
From its start as family comedy in its wildly popular 192-episode run, "" was the sitcom that could. "
It stars its cast — Bob Saget and Dave Coulier, who were away to,.
Story The Hollywood Reporter.
©.
CNN: Age of Ultron. "
Prospect of the surprise and excitement, the third film time, writer-director Joss Whedon mixes brooding with the abundant spectacle.
Series junkies will get their fix of the exploits, but at least the big action scenes are lackluster, while the climax,, as to further intrigue and anticipation for "Avengers 1 and 2" already scheduled for release in May of 2019, respectively.
Enormous international intense presumed biggest franchise blockbuster from soaring one-billion dollar threshold.
Hands-on and his associates have built in Hollywood a veritable of staggeringly profitable individual franchises by of the Avengers.
So "" continue to pop up, the company can be confident the of theatrical that schedule its commercial through the end of the decade.
At this point, one willing to sense of terminal might set in to to an end, and Comic-Con events ahead.
In the meantime, the surprises can be wrung from a format of expectations that demand fealty from fans; any significant deviations by the hardest-core.
Last summer, "Guardians of the Galaxy" showed it a bit more fast and loose it but the seem.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" takes a peek down some shadowy side roads but ends main highway to audience wants rather than a little bit different.
Last year's new,, dives the Avengers organization a hectically indifferently combat that Clint (Jeremy Renner) adversaries, Pietro (Elizabeth Olsen).
Some scenes off steam Thor (Chris Hemsworth) is his hammer;) Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo) and Captain America (Chris Evans) take stock () with the most sophisticated ever, Ultron (voiced with nuance).
Risky move Ultron is a sophisticated; what he lacks, of course,.
A, he makes Stark appears he's still training.
However, he does and, since Stark.
He's not yet entirely ready but,, the Avengers are worrying.
Wars' $500 million?
Licking their "" of Hawkeye, the Avengers go into.
The Thor quickly "answers," Bruce resists get physical cooking between them; Stark, lamenting that "Ultron is us apart," consults with Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson), Linda Cardellini, playing wife, with the (intentionally?)
In the film: avenging. "
While some of his partners wallow in disarray,, where next via a "," which hatch the way for Ultron's domination.
But a major chase through the a runaway due to basic silliness and poor action continuity.
Of course, the Avengers it the butt-kicking they're supposed to, and a very welcome addition comes in the form of the android called Vision.
Red-faced, is given a striking presence by Paul Bettany (in the Marvel as Stark
), and it can be hoped, if not assumed, that this intriguing character will play an important role in the final two Avengers installments.
'galaxy series in Ultimately Whedon's heroes a and vulnerability half-baked, such effort can only.
, Comic book their double neither required nor perhaps even desired.
If a dramatic desired taking;'s would have only anticipation.
What does that matter when the is
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" succeeds in the of worthy giving the latter a few new things, the action scenes measure up and characters are left in a dramatic.
The actors expected agreeable manner has a terrific couple a.
©.
Seventh installment of the Furious "franchise," "Furious 7" is sure the film handles the real-life death of co-star.
But minus the tragedy, is "Furious 7" worth racing theater?
Here's what:, Furious pure.
With.
The flaws -- plot bumps,, -- in the camaraderie on and off screen.
The film Walker in everyone.
It's bittersweet action.
It's him take bus in Azerbaijan to.
Feels.
Chris Nashawaty forks 10 flicks.
Go for the mayhem
'furious' delivers with the visceral rush of an EpiPen.
Change we're the most film showstopper teetering.
Chris Ziegler It's entirely, of course, that simply Furious 7's' greatness.
Are the scenes after's,, were distracting looking.
I.
A.O.
Scott, New York Times: "The moments, on screen,.
They remind you what these movies have about the bravado of the terrible speed.
Sharkey, The action combat cars -- are,, reality.
The parkour-influenced stunts everyone about are because they the and)
Fall into the never-try-this-at-home.
Vanity Fair: "The latest film,, can take some, as cast, killed in, looms large.
(CNN) actress Michelle Keegan has been named in British magazine.
Is best known for her BBC series "" Coronation Street. "
Her ""'s first act as a surrogate, according to.
Keegan is followed by Kendall Jenner,, Sports Illustrated cover Flack, who dated One Direction's Harry Styles for months.
Sandra Bullock on FHM's list magazine "World Woman" a week ago.
(CNN) A U.S. Navy aircraft carrier that survived atomic blasts looks Pacific to researchers surveyed.
Was scuttled in January near California Islands.
Its location was confirmed by a survey in the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration as part of a 300 wrecks National Marine Sanctuary.
"on the Independence sits on the bottom to its planes," mission heritage director Marine said.
Sonar images show what looks to be on of the Independence deck to flight.
The ship starboard NOAA.
Survey of the carrier was conducted by the Echo Ranger, an underwater vehicle provided by Boeing.
The Echo Ranger traveled 30 miles from its base in Half Moon Bay and hovered the carrier, which feet below the surface of the Pacific Ocean.
Used three-dimensional sonar provided by Coda images well the warship has weathered 64 years
"This ship fought hard in the Pacific after war was subjected to atomic blasts ripped through.
It is a reminder of the industrial might and skill of the 'generation' that sent not only this ship,, Delgado said in the statement.
In its years in the Navy, the ship played a role in the events of World War II,,
Japanese torpedo the in late 1943.
The returned made it across the Pacific by in the Battle of Sibuyan and the sinking of one of the Japanese Imperial Navy warships, the.
Later,, Independence were involved in four aircraft carriers.
A fleet used atomic bomb tests in July.
It sat 560 yards from ground zero the first, a 23-kiloton air blast of a bomb Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty.
Days later Independence was 1,390 atomic also device but underwater detonation.
The ship was brought back to California for nuclear decontamination before being sunk during in.
NOAA said no signs of radioactive contamination of the sunken carrier last month.
(CNN) to redeem your airline award ticket?
Which airline rewards're flying when you ticket, according to a new Consumer Reports study over the past two years.
The magazine collected statistics comparing award-seat availability for five airlines.
The top performer was Southwest Airlines, which offered the most award tickets,, the highest percentage of award tickets -- 11.5 million total passenger seats.
"The high number of award tickets is related to unique 'blackout dates that don't expire more than 90 destinations and making us the largest carrier in the U.S.," Southwest told CNN.
"Unlike other carriers, we also don't penalize trip comes up."
At the bottom of the list was JetBlue, which offered the lowest percentage of the fewest tickets of the five biggest U.S. airlines:, or 4.5% of its 19.7 million U.S. seats.
(JetBlue operates in 10 of the 25 markets included.)
Customers only once per year, making it hard to accumulate miles, airline told.
Expire airline will be able to redeem them.
Airlines with; Airlines.
What are the safest airlines?
That't actually free.
Cost is into's miles, airlines profit not.
So it behooves consumers to book award travel.
On average, passengers on five airlines Consumer Reports domestic award tickets, but some of them weren't the best value for their miles.
Many U.S. redeemed miles on American Airlines from Los Angeles to San Francisco fare on that route -- the miles Consumer Reports says.
Better Airlines' route or Delta's Consumer Reports' calculations.
Overall airline.
The highest customer,).
The fees.
(CNN) newly appointed national unrest over Freddie Gray, 25.
's from while in police custody -- has touched off days of protests and rioting in Baltimore.
Won't be easy: As the nation's top law enforcement officer takes the reins of Justice Department has been walking a fine line between nudging local police departments in the direction of better relations and departments where brutality are out of control.
But as events in Baltimore demonstrate, departments.
Will need to down up the that to crack down on one of its weapons:.
In a moment.
Re-establish order in Baltimore, where state of emergency declared
"In the days ahead, I intend to ensure civil rights of all," Lynch said being sworn in on Monday.
"And I will bring the Department of Justice to bear, investigating wrongdoing and securing an end to violence."
A part of that "" include a close look at the Baltimore Police Department, which has been the subject of bitter complaints of brutality.
According to a Baltimore Sun published, the city has with brutality.
"Officers battered dozens of residents suffered broken bones --, noses, ankles -- trauma,, during arrests.
Were beaten while handcuffed were, the expose says.
Dismissed the victims. "
That behavior helped set the stage for the riots and.
Lynch has Justice Department also recent South Carolina, where an officer has been arrested and charged.
As attorney general, has tools with which to guide local law enforcement toward better behavior.
Justice Department program called Community Oriented Policing Services, in 2011,.
Effectiveness under question since Baltimore departments.
Apply of suing local departments securing court-ordered reforms, a power conferred by the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994.
A result of the videotaped beating of Rodney King by cops and that the officers were acquitted.
The Obama administration has sued local departments more than the Bush administrations -- and has opened 11 more investigations of those in Ferguson, Missouri.
But those remedies may not be working, according to the Marshall Project, a news organization that focuses on criminal justice issues.
"'s prescriptions, Justice Department officials have found themselves returning to a second," writes, noting that departments New Orleans and New Jersey, all of which Justice Department of discriminatory policing. "
That leaves Lynch tougher:, under the Civil Rights Act, to deny enforcement dollars to departments that engage in discriminatory practices.
Lynch as attorney general, Holder yanking funds he money the sheriff Alamance County department was targeting.
The Justice Department case remains unresolved but Lynch has the power, curb local abuses.
(CNN) It's a case of mistaken identity.
A 14-year-old girl was returned to Mexico from Texas on Wednesday after DNA tests related to a woman who claimed the teenager was her daughter.
Police seized on in the the daughter.
Videos show the moment the girl was taken out of her school.
In the footage,, screaming at the top of her lungs and desperately trying to free herself from officers dragging her out of the building.
After a struggle that lasted several minutes, the 14-year-old was put inside a federal away as the teenager's aunt,.
According to Mexican authorities, the woman her daughter had been taken to Mexico by.
According to a statement from the Mexican Foreign Ministry, the woman had traveled to and.
"... and... the judge of the case asked Interpol to make the girl appear confirm her identity," the statement said.
But what happened next puzzled both's family and Mexican: The teenager was sent to the United States before her identify was positively confirmed.
Houston, and her identity being raised by the girl's biological parents, the Mexican ordered DNA testing.
The confirmed the the woman.
Will have my girl at home.
She's OK on "mother -- Susana Nuñez -- told Milenio Television
When Ginsburg alluded to S & M.
OK mention, but Ginsburg talked about how the marriage was. "
"it was between a man and a woman, but the man decided the,".
"her obligation to follow."
, Of the same-sex couples who petitioned said: That's correct
And a woman's legal identity was absorbed into husband and men and women had different legal roles.
Again, because of, all of gender the rights of the married have been eliminated. "
Once upon a time, wives were legal property and "" was not not a crime concept.
To argue the marriage woefully.
Justice Anthony Kennedy the a otherwise along at one point referred to the sacredness of marriage. "
Which is true, if you ignore and reality of infidelity.
Anything marriage need protecting from straight people.
"been" plainly too.
The one justice who question is Clarence Thomas,,.
It noted here that married to a white woman.
Anti-miscegenation laws banning interracial marriage were first introduced in.
By 1967, Supreme Court interracial marriage officially part of the American "definition" of marriage for.
20 years after the Supreme Court the Thomas were married.
Marriage some way. "
Or maybe not.
Clarence Thomas didn't say one way or the other, his remarks outside and opinions suggest's the Supreme Court relationships it once did for his own.
Perhaps Thomas seems most about arguments, Supreme Court.
Perhaps this was, justices their beliefs behind legal.
The marriage equality arguments seemed more politics than law.
Pulling Republican candidates, Justice John Roberts suggested the court shouldn't a.
, Justice Samuel Alito asked whether could get married.
On the other hand, Justice Stephen Breyer talked about marriage as liberty while Justice Elena Kagan pushed whether same-sex marriage or take.
Both arguments moral, gay rights.
Still, the highly political momentous decision in Loving.
Whichever way the court rules on same-sex marriage, it.
Marriage a hopefully the Supreme Court will soon confirm marriage equality, clear is court.
By partisanship Court is increasingly divorced.
The question not fundamentally the right and of.
Walmart, the American Civil Liberties Union,, and the Center for American Progress?
All are adopting for hiring practices that open up work opportunities for people with convictions and untapped potential in the labor market.
Koch Industries' announcement that "ban the box" -- from its job applications check-box that asks about convictions -- is a big step down barriers for job-seekers with records.
"Ban" doesn't prohibit background checks later in the hiring process.
A fair-chance reforms ensure that job applicants are evaluated on skills first, rather than judged solely on past mistakes.
Help reduce employment job-seekers second stigma of arrest or conviction record.
The war on drugs,, and adults with records undermine jobs, the job market has grown.
Millions of people are left behind, and a toll on our records cost $57- billion in 2008 alone.
These criminal policies disproportionately impact African-Americans.
The Department of Justice's investigation of Ferguson shows the racism is perpetuated through system.
That racial disparity is repeated throughout at a disadvantage job market long after time.
One reason the unemployment rate is that.
A job that didn't previously do background checks now make them a routine part of being screened more.
Adults in America that will show up on a routine background check.
Companies like Koch, Walmart and Bed Bath & Beyond source of untapped talent, and already banned on their job applications.
Gaining traction across the political spectrum.
Vermont Gov.
Peter Shumlin, Georgia Gov.
Virginia Gov.
Recently signed executive orders removing conviction from initial applications for employment.
So far, 16 states and more than 100 cities and counties have adopted fair-chance hiring policies.
Six states and the District of Columbia,, have applied their policies to contractors or employers as well.
The Obama administration took an important step toward fairer and smarter hiring practices last year when executive.
Banning the and other common-sense hiring reforms would build progress and work of and the corporate sector.
Ensure that the federal government does not erect unfair and unnecessary barriers to people records.
Already, more than 200 individuals have urged the administration.
-- a major federal there's no reason contractors cannot.
(CNN) The town of Dunblane, Scotland, has been abuzz by the wedding.
Saturday's event -- dubbed "the wedding of Scotland" -- took place at Dunblane, with the home-grown talent.
The grand and Olympic champion donned a traditional green tartan while his bride dazzled Jenny Packham.
The braved rain to catch a glimpse of the couple young British sporting legend.
"Absolutely, his" said one in the crowd.
He's a hero.
He's something all local boys do.
A superstar, added.
The couple met at the U.S. Open and got engaged in November.
Before the ceremony Murray series to his.
Fellow tennis Rafael Nadal and Scotland posted congratulatory messages on Twitter.
The rainbow on.
Is it real?
New York, rainbows stretched across the early morning sky on Tuesday.
Amanda,, snapped the shot.
At first, she thought it was just one.
"I looked closer and saw," she told CNN.
"I had a small moment of awe."
She posted the picture to Twitter, and within hours, hundreds of retweets.
"surreal in," told CNN affiliate WPIX.
According to CNN weather double rainbow has reflected in to water rainbow.
This isn't the first time rainbows have shown up in multiples.
Such a scene emotional -- the famous "double rainbow".
CNN iReporter Yosemitebear posted a video to YouTube in 2010 reacting to a double rainbow spotted in Yosemite National Park.
The video has since garnered over 40 million views.
Asked the unofficial rainbow phenomenon
"'s a!
The he exclaims
"What does it mean?"
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) It hideous.
Be raped by jailed for;; and then endure the a society that somehow held blame.
The solution?
Marry your attacker.
That's what happened to Gulnaz, who was 16 when she was raped.
She Asadullah was convicted and jailed -- though then reduced.
Gulnaz's plight -- like so much in Afghanistan -- disappeared once she was pardoned and.
A new start, what followed for Gulnaz -- a telling women in Afghanistan country from the and its war.
We found Gulnaz family home.
The rape, is now a bouncing around shares with Asadullah's -- who is also Gulnaz's cousin.
Asadullah let Gulnaz he were now under of social he had done the right thing.
He had rescued Gulnaz from shame.
"her according to traditions, she couldn't back in.
"Her brothers didn't accept her back.
Problems.
Thousands sign petition Gulnaz her husband in the eye.
"I didn't want to ruin the life of my daughter or helpless so I marry him," she says.
"We are traditional people.
With that. "
Attempts the seven household.
The first remains unseen in the house.
The, the wall.
Order here is a a crime.
How Gulnaz ended.
There was pressure to marry her attacker after her release.
At the time, other activists were trying to assist her with an asylum abroad.
"Unfortunately, Gulnaz was heavily pressured to marry her attacker by people within the, and," attorney an American,.
"Gulnaz was told that neither she nor her daughter would be protected if pressure essentially became a environment.
Single family would have been an uphill battle for Gulnaz. "
Out.
She to her attacker in the shelter interviewed her.
It was agreed she.
It create around her had raped spoke years ago, says she was told by her relatives the allegations.
"Now she is beside me and it was big it," says Asadullah.
"I am not thinking about it anymore".
I don't have problems.
My life is OK...
With life...
It is. "
She is then alone.
Asadullah stands to.
Though she maintains she was not raped, her decision.
She contradicts her husband, saying her brothers would have taken her, had she married him.
"My brothers opposed marriage and take my daughter and go to Pakistan to live with them," she says.
Married won't. "
Her decision was for her daughter.
"No, I couldn't fulfill my wishes in life.
; Relations with family daughter's future. "
(CNN) It is a city transformed,, anxiously awaiting what comes next.
On Kabul's streets, find the of.
One men desperate are men who ago had one valuable speak English.
Their world has turned.
A different for they understand -- fired from blacklisted they say they no longer work.
They thrived has left them isolated, and fearing reprisals.
They sleep in market stalls, and their families case the threats visited.
"My family is living in the provinces".
"I cannot go there.
I am in a market, one of shops. "
Another adds: "My family, everybody,, they are nervous."
A third says: "Right now here on in mosque."
"in in Afghanistan,".
NATO.
: Afghanistan still buzz around the capital.
Its five times what it was when arrived here, by conservative estimates, and the violence people it further still -- Kabul's bowl city to avoid.
Neighborhoods that were once over-priced of foreigners "" allegedly bought from the opium trade are now empty.
One road, in the past decade now covered by Afghans,, street.
Even the hackneyed shopping where new arrivals buy carpets trinkets is deserted.
One shopkeeper could be embassy security keeping people away now.
The same restaurants that used to brim with contractors and NGO workers.
They are now the sound of across deserted.
Years I lived there.
Drive out -- past the bumps,, hoping drivers will slow enough to change -- you see roads lined with detritus war.
Huge lines of,, and forklift trucks.
At times it seemed little, its often fluid the country.
Today the once small mountains more.
EXCLUSIVE: Afghan woman forced to marry her rapist Further down the road are NATO.
Troops fed and watered.
Lined the roads the military bases.
The trucks once millions.
Their bosses fled abroad, the drivers behind with them $30,000 and a year just to keep on but would fetch a price.
"The were very little made themselves rich in Dubai,".
Still the palaces proliferate.
One stretch of their endless, multiplying lights.
The houses seem is popular despite the uncertainty -- even decorate them seem more like a symbol.
One actually shape of Dubai.
The city's lights do shine staggeringly often -- something Taliban.
NATO's keep on power stations billions barely.
As American troops prepare to retreat inside the U.S. Embassy by the end of next year -- how much longer.
) Every day, images of conflict are splashed across on our and through our.
Because of one's response to imagery desensitized.
This concept "we images war was what drove photographer Simon begin his project". "
To create a perspective into Western northwestern Africa.
A backdrop soldiers posed green to children.
Soldiers the, an that Morocco since the mid-1970s.
Thorpe said his project ", physical and political conflict faced that the images contain real soldiers."
Thorpe's background in photojournalism photography to his placement of soldiers in -- not to mention all are locations of battles between Morocco and the Polisario Front.
Western Sahara receives despite the 40th anniversary of war,.
After 1991, the people of Western Sahara have been living in a state of non-resolution.
Are living in.
CNNPhotos conversation about photography.
To get clearance to work with the Front military also had to how many troops he time -- he would.
He usually worked a time.
The months did not offer reprieve from long hours in the desert.
Would position the men, climb sandy mountains.
They would work under.
Helped construct the platforms.
Thorpe said they were made out.
The Thorpe hopes raise on "how images of war (will) be consumed in the future with attention and."
Thorpe's "" book is available for pre-order through Dewi Publishing.
(CNN) A lot of questions.
Not many.
After being taken into police custody in Baltimore, Freddie Gray died under circumstances that are unclear.
"The questions are questions that: was Mr. Gray injured?
Our and procedures followed?
Are to here? "
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake.
An attorney for Gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up.
"On Sunday morning., the police chased Freddie... man without any evidence committed a crime.
Video taped including police dragging while he screamed, attorney said in a statement.
At his hands police him.
Drag him to a van.
"He lapsed into a coma, died, was resuscitated, stayed in a coma and on Monday, underwent Shock Trauma to save his life.
He clung approximately police of Freddie's responsibility said.
The attorney added that Gray.
At this point, police are declining, citing ongoing investigations.
They have not released the the names of the officers involved.
Officers have been placed.
When officers Baltimore.
Capt.
Eric Kowalczyk told CNN that they had been in an area known for violent crime and drug sales.
When officers approached him, Gray fled said.
Gray's death comes amid a string of deaths involving white officers and black suspects.
The death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, touched off protests and sparked a nationwide debate over race and policing.
Brown, an unarmed black teen, was shot by a white officer.
CNN affiliate WJZ over demanding answers.
"Our hope here is the criminal investigation,".
"We're very.
Find out the answers as public.
(CNN) The son told CNN Wednesday she wasn't concerned that embarrassing her son.
"" told CNN Cooper.
"He was embarrassing and and doing what he was doing."
The video of Graham yanking her son, Michael, and him with CNN affiliate WMAR has led to the Internet calling Graham.
Praised her son escalating violence.
Told son with emotions told.
Wednesday "
He 'weren't brought up like this,' "Graham said.
A child,, she said.
The 16-year-old said he understood his mother was looking out for him.
"She didn't want me to get in trouble with the law.
Freddie Gray said, referring to the 25-year-old man who died Baltimore police.
Gray's death has sparked protests over police brutality.
Riots and that prompted the city to put a curfew.
Said her son told her the night before the mall that.
She told him the not.
Her wouldn't.
She heard school the mall was shutting down.
She went to the mall and.
In sweatpants recognized.
They made eye contact.
He had a brick, and that set her off.
In was angry with him to do the police, she said.
She.
Singleton said he had seen her, but it didn't make sense that his mother would be there.
When he heard her voice, he realized it was his mom --.
Then the her memorable smackdown.
"It was just World War III from right there," he said the incident.
The didn't think.
She didn't.
"I wasn't there to.
Child, she said.
Daughters, told CNN it wasn't hard for mom to spot her 16-year-old.
"She knows and picked.
Even with the mask on,, Brown said.
Brown said her mother is always looking out for her.
"She always knows where we are," Brown said.
Graham said she tries to steer her son away from trouble and troublemakers.
"As I have try right show him out't" she told CNN.
Her said that once they got home from the mall he understood why she pulled him out.
"I was embarrassed until she just started talking home," he said.
"(She) did it because she cared.
't but she.
CNN's.
Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights ET.
With the 1979 killing of 6-year-old Patz.
Little disappearance, more than three decades,.
Deliberations resumed on Thursday the jury efforts to reach a decision bodega.
On, jurors on Wednesday said that they were unable to reach a decision.
Hernandez to police,.
Waited more than 35 years for justice have is Hernandez.
His lawyer said tell he committed the crime.
Police in a taped statement he lured as the boy was to a bus stop.
He killed the boy and his body.
Neither his remains have been recovered.
Hernandez schizophrenia ", his attorney said.
Hernandez hours before he confessed.
"I think anyone who sees these confessions will understand that Hernandez believed he had killed Etan.
't mean he did, the case said.
November, a judge ruled that Hernandez's and Miranda.
Second-degree murder boy for that kidnapping.
Another the Patz case for Ramos, a convicted child molester Etan's babysitter.
's parents,, sued in 2001.
The boy was declared dead as part of that lawsuit.
A Ramos responsible for the death has never received.
Though was at the center of investigations for years, he has never been charged.
He served a 20-year sentence 2012.
He was immediately jail Associated Press reported.
's disappearance, the Patzes worked to keep and create awareness of missing children in the United States.
In the 1980s, Etan's photo appeared on across the country and focused on the search for other missing children.
"It awakened America," said Ernie Allen, president and chief executive officer of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children.
Of missing children. "
The number of children kidnapped did not always been a small awareness of,.
News was expanding to television and images of children appeared with distraught parents begging for their safe return.
Nation awareness prompted politicians.
Congress led to the creation of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children.
Opened the center in 1984.
Operating a 24-hour could information about missing.
(CNN) to a Colorado spectators "" in June 2012.
The became one of the deadliest shootings in U.S. history.
Holmes is accused of opening fire on the crowd, killing people and maiming others.
Holmes appeared like a comic book: He resembled the Joker,, the late Heath Ledger's villain authorities said.
But Holmes.
He wore body armor including an AR-15 rifle,.
He also wore a gas mask.
Insane at the time of the shootings is his defense and not guilty by reason of insanity.
Prosecutors.
Opening statements in his trial.
Holmes to the shootings was suffering "a psychotic episode" at the time, according to papers filed in July 2013 by the public defenders, Brady.
Evidence "case defense Holmes a psychotic in 2012," public defenders wrote.
Holmes dazed, in his first appearance before a judge in 2012.
He appeared dramatically different in January when jury selection began for:, described as one of the jury.
Holmes now has a,, shirt and khaki pants.
In January, a beard.
If this image sounds like an academician, it may be because Holmes, now 27, was.
Before the shooting, Holmes was studying how the brain works, with his schooling funded by a U.S. government grant.
All, Holmes capacity, according to the case.
A jury.
That panel is made up of 12 jurors.
They are 19 women and five men middle-aged.
The trial could last until autumn.
When jury summonses were issued in January, each stood a chance of being selected, Brauchler told the final jury this month.
He described the trial as "four to five months of a horrible roller coaster through the worst haunted house you can imagine."
Jury have verdicts against Holmes charges.
Meanwhile, victims are challenging media outlets "to stop the gratuitous use of name and likeness of mass killers, the celebrity they," group says.
Victims from eight other mass shootings in U.S. history.
California San Diego, Holmes is the son father for his the provides a mother, according to the San Diego newspaper.
Holmes also has,, five years younger, the newspaper said.
His childhood remember him as a clean-cut, bespectacled boy "" who "never any trouble trouble himself," The Californian reported.
Holmes grew up in San Diego-area neighborhood, which described as ", said.
Holmes attended Westview High School, which district sits in "."
There, Holmes ran soccer and later a internship at the Miramar College, which students.
His peers described a bit of a wiseacre, the San Diego said.
Holmes attended college, known as Southern California's "empire" because more than an hour,,.
California in 2006 student.
In 2008 he was a summer counselor for,,, Los Angeles.
He graduated from UC Riverside the highest.
Academically, he was at of the top, P..
He even higher achievement.
By 2011, he had enrolled as a doctoral student in the neuroscience program at the University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus in the largest academic.
The doctoral neuroscience program attended by Holmes focuses on how the brain works, with an emphasis on processing behavior, learning and memory.
Six Ph.D. students were awarded a neuroscience training grant from the National Institutes of Health.
Grant rewards make neurobiology.
A Holmes as a medical school shows he was about.
But Holmes struggled, and his mental health took an ominous turn.
In March 2012, he told a classmate he wanted to kill and that he would do so "when his life was over," court documents said.
Holmes was "after June 2012, after he made threats to a professor," according to court documents.
About Holmes was Colorado psychiatrist Lynne Fenton.
Fenton was concerned she mentioned to colleagues,, sources with knowledge of the investigation.
Concerns in early June, sources told the Denver station.
Holmes began to "" in June before the shootings, the station reported, citing sources familiar with the investigation.
Holmes psychiatrist contacted "evaluation and threat assessment" team to say Holmes could be a danger to others, the station reported.
To Holmes for to mental health professionals, the station reported
"Fenton made phone calls the the" of June, but "" in conversations, Holmes began dropping out of school, a source told.
Attorneys have rejected the prosecution's assertions that Holmes was barred from campus.
The university, Holmes' his access was revoked normal a enrollment.
What caused the worse for Holmes has yet to be detailed.
In the shooting, he bought weapons and more said.
Police third-floor apartment with explosives,.
After the parking lot shooting, bomb technicians went to the apartment and.
No one was injured at.
Before went into the theater, he called University switchboard, Brady said.
The number he called can be used to get in contact with members during hours said.
Court documents have revealed that investigators have obtained text messages exchanged with someone.
That person texts has been made public.
According to The New York Times, Holmes sent a text message to a woman two weeks before the shooting.
Asked if he had Aurora yet, reported the newspaper.
, Months, wrote to.
Asked if she had heard of "" a form of bipolar disorder marked by mania and delusions.
The woman asked if the disorder could be treatment.
"It was," Holmes wrote her, according to the Times.
He warned she should stay away from him "" the newspaper reported.
Contact with Holmes.
After the shooting, Holmes' family issued a statement: "Our hearts go out to those," they said,.
Since then, prosecutors have refused to offer a plea deal to Holmes.
For Holmes, "justice is death," said the attorney.
In December, Holmes' parents,, issued another statement that their son be spared for mentally ill people for the rest of his life.
Robert and death penalty is the condemned. He being a severe illness,.
The.
() people are expected men.
Why is this?
's get something out of the way: The fight between Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather won't "save" a sport that has fallen since its 20th century heyday.
So-called just sport's problems as two collide in what might be the last fight for a long time.
There's so much, all you really need to understand is this: Most fans probably can't name a single boxer after Pacquiao.
Some long-reigning heavyweight is towering with a boring style most wouldn.
Boxing fading its combination of catastrophic competition from Mixed Martial Arts --,.
The rise of MMA's premier organization, the Ultimate Fighting Championship, has matched.
In just two decades, the UFC has grown from a freaky-violent carny mainstream sport.
In the fan base of of the world's most popular sport: hockey.
Some spin of that every games, claiming they make the game safer by punishing.
But that's so.
The NHL hasn't cracked down on fighting: love.
As the announcer once said [tough] fighting, you see anyone get out of their seat. "
Why to watch fights in the first place?
Over the past 20 years, I've watched boxing a of nervous.
Strangle each I'm a civilized person.
I not.
Why am I?
What's wrong with me?
What?
Among us thrill of a fistfight -- whether a, a or a?
We all, but I think.
Us all a creature adores.
How are we yen for carnage,, gory?
Is it?
A big fight like Mayweather-Pacquiao simply bloodlust and?
's only the story and not.
If we wanted, we wouldn't bother pay-per-view fisticuffs.
'd up a browser and watch snuff.
People.
What's going on?
There's a literature on boxing as and.
Boxing isn't really a sport.
't boxing like.
They compared boxing to a rite, a religion,, an stage.
A fight was drama down to -- human condition with everything noble and ugly on display.
While it may seem like a stretch, I think we are drawn to prizefights in what's nasty in human and noble.
Prizefights set up dramatic adversity we admire in:, and even heroism.
As's?
't.
Perhaps, of the world's,.
Most prizefighting because we.
A fight puts the darkest stuff in,, the frenetic harm.
But that dark draws the best and turns a great fight into a showcase for the indomitability of will.
(CNN) a boat in Mediterranean waters behind locked doors.
That's the survivor of the shipwreck gave investigators, according to a statement Sunday in Catania, Italy.
The migrant's about aboard the ship sent out a distress call in the dark of night Saturday after.
As rescuers, authorities say migrants on the boat moved to one side, hoping.
Their caused the boat about 110 kilometers (70 miles) north of Libya the plunging into sea.
The, who spoke to investigators after, is who authorities say were from the sinking vessel.
He told there were 950 people on board a number haven.
Maltese authorities,, said 700 people on the boat.
On lower levels of the boat were trapped inside because smugglers had locked the doors,, according to prosecutors.
The Italian Coast Guard is collecting from survivors, prosecutors said.
It was the latest in a series of dangerous voyages for hundreds of women and children who boarded the boat in Libya.
Boat were from,,, Mali said.
While shipwreck, Malta's Prime Minister slammed traffickers who risking people's lives by putting them on.
"are putting people on a at," Prime Minister Joseph Muscat said.
're death, really, and. "
"" told CNN.
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said the incident could be worse than last week in which refugees and migrants died in the Mediterranean.
"Our troops, Italian, are looking through the bodies to find alive," said the incident.
Flavio, spokesman for the International Organization for Migration, told CNN that survivors were taken to Sicily.
The Italian Coast Guard, which is leading the rescue operation, reported that at least 24 bodies had been recovered so far.
Security for Libya essential to "" Muscat said.
The international community "cannot continue to turn a blind eye," he added.
Nonpartisan organization Doctors Without Borders had strong words Sunday for the tragedy.
"A mass grave in are responsible," said the president.
He compared the high number of deaths to "a war zone."
Filippi called on European states to launch search-and-rescue operations proactive.
"Faced with thousands of people fleeing wars and crises,, people in risk their lives die at sea," he said.
This tragedy is beginning, and "
Doctors Without Borders rescue humanitarian organization,. "
President Francois Hollande called for more rescue.
Said accident could be the worst disaster in the Mediterranean. "
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi called an emergency meeting in Rome.
Speaking to journalists later, he defended Italy's response.
"Adding vessels to patrol the Mediterranean, Renzi said, of why the tragedy occurred.
"This has: absence) which led to the disaster.
And this that want the respond in a different way.
're few will. "
On trafficking responsibility, Italy.
Human Rights Watch urged the EU to act quickly.
"The EU is standing by hundreds die off its shores," said Judith, deputy Asia director at Human Rights Watch.
These deaths might well have been prevented if the EU had launched a search-and-rescue effort. "
The EU released a statement Sunday saying that down the road but immediate to help the search for the victims of this accident.
The European Commission is deeply chagrined by the tragic developments in the Mediterranean today,.
The stark and our actions must be.
Human lives, the European Union to act, it said.
EU, agencies and international organizations it called a Strategy, adopted May.
It stressed the need to "address the situation."
"And as countries of origin and transit take these trips, people will put their lives at risk," the statement read.
The migrants who board ships to cross the Mediterranean are travel.
They're seeking life, but many are exploited by traffickers.
More than 900 migrants are believed to have died crossing the Mediterranean -- during the same period, the International Organization for Migration said.
In, 8,000 were rescued, according to the Italian Coast Guard.
SOS calls came from boats in distress.
Roberta Metsola, a member of the European Parliament, told CNN on Sunday need neighbors.
"The people continue to arrive," she said.
"desperation subsists -- there are almost people to and to better.
Has to be recognized.
Nadeau and Hada from reported Hong Kong CNN's Ashley Fantz, E., Jessica King and Christine reported from Atlanta.
(CNN) Japan would put an unmanned rover on the surface by 2018,'s satellite.
Japan Exploration Agency (JAXA) plan to members the Culture Ministry on Monday.
"This is and are still ahead is formally approved," a JAXA spokesperson told reporters.
It is will reportedly use rocket technology and deploy a SLIM probe -- the Investigating Moon "-- on the surface of the celestial body.
Japanese media estimates that the mission will cost in the region of ¥10 billion to ¥15 billion ().
JAXA confirmed to CNN this estimate.
The mission is expected to be used to perfect soft-landing technologies, which could expeditions to the moon.
Lander software digital cameras, which will to enable the craft craters.
The move could be seen as Japan's attempt to play catchup to its India extraterrestrial in recent years -- lunar and successfully put a probe into orbit around.
Craft -- known as moon -- orbit the moon to gather data.
By orbiter be landing rover.
JAXA has also put on an asteroid to Earth in 2010.
Along with China, the have so far landed the surface.
(CNN) The U.S. said Tuesday that deploying warships to Yemen to monitor vessels has given America "options" for Iran in the region.
The warships to be, U.S. officials told CNN, saying the move was meant to reassure allies in the region.
"By American sea power in the region, we have created ourselves," said Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren.
The Iranian ships, declined "."
Officials are concerned that Iran could attempt to transfer weaponry to the Houthis.
President Barack Obama told MSNBC that the United States has been clear in its messages to Tehran on sending weapons to Houthi rebels inside Yemen.
"What we've said to them is delivered to factions within threaten's" Obama said in the interview,.
"," Obama said.
Iranian ships remain in international waters, the U.S. an eye on the ships if they move toward Yemeni waters.
It would be an extraordinary step and certainly not a foregone conclusion that the U.S. would board an Iranian ship if it entered, U.S. officials said.
"so no one has the impression.
They are not to Iranian ships, Department told reporters
"The purpose of them is to ensure that the shipping lanes remain open."
Warren added that he was unaware of any direct contact between American vessels.
And officials warships in is to ensure free flow of commerce to ensure security in the region.
Message Iran.
A U.S. official told CNN that from the USS to monitor maritime traffic through the area the order to assist in making informed decisions.
Official stressed that the ships in the region was taken in order to assure the navigation through and ensuring Iranian ships.
And missile ships the Navy off the coast of Yemen on Sunday.
, U.S. in Yemen
"The United States international community, including the United Nations, not providing weapons to the Houthis," White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters Tuesday.
"exacerbates the instability in a way that will have impact."
The heightened tensions have U.S..
Officials on Capitol Hill pointed out that the situation in Yemen adds to deal.
"I, it Iran has a number of activities around the region and around the world," Rep. Mac Thornberry, chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, told CNN.
And fueling in Yemen. "
U.S. warships carrier group Roosevelt are joining vessels from Egypt and other partner nations to intercept seven to nine Iranian vessels believed headed for Yemen.
"the Arabian Sea and Gulf of Aden," Cmdr.
Kevin Stephens of the Fifth Fleet told CNN
"We not are monitoring or speculate about possible vessels."
Asked about warnings from Saudi Arabia and the U.S. to keep away from Yemen, the commander of Iran's Regular Navy,, said his fleet was operating legally.
"We give us threats, because we are working according to international law and regulations," he said.
Other countries. "
Sayyari added that Iranian ships in the area secure safe transfer through.
U.S. ships have forcibly board Iranian-flagged ships.
Earlier a ship suspected weapons.
Nothing.
The warships come to a region U.S. military.
Only in been in the Arabian Gulf supporting Operation Inherent Resolve, according.
Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, told CNN on the "Situation Room" that U.S. against Yemen it was.
"escalatory," he said.
"U.S. what is going to happen to"
McCain blamed President Barack Obama for the situation.
"It was that did not happen," McCain said.
"We take the regime that was in place,.
Middle East.
(CNN) gospel pastor Creflo Dollar responded recently to critics of his campaign to buy a very pricey Gulfstream G650.
Dollar noted in a recent address to his congregants that the devil was attempting to discredit him in his $200,000 people globally help buy the.
In a posted clip pastor World tackling his his name alleging to their statuses to come into the church.
"(The) I got to discredit that man showing!"
Dollar preaches applause.
"I my enemy trying to discredit me," Dollar stated.
Dollar is focused video on and critics of his original stating to gathered, "I never one came and asked for a dime for this airplane, did I?"
In March, Dollar did appeal a "friends from around the world," replace 1984 Gulfstream G-1159A.
In the 31-year-old plane, and his staff have.
The critics) what.
They asked the question,?
Did ask that question said
That. "
In the ministry to purchase a Gulfstream G650 was met with criticism on social media and was the subject of nationwide media reports.
The after a nearly six-minute video was uploaded on Creflo Dollar Ministries website soliciting money for a for a million.
The video information has been taken down, but those are still able on the's.
A Gulfstream G650 can fly 18 passengers and four crew members, according to.
The jet comes with Rolls-Royce engines, high-speed and four-and-a-half-hour commute from New York to Los Angeles.
"G650 technologically advanced jet" according to the site.
't limited to donations as the "we are asking supporters of this ministry to assist."
The new video the church more than 3 million want him to.
Pastor has said his -- his wife to turn a.
Health church.
Attempts to contact comment Thursday were unsuccessful.
(CNN) President Barack Obama took part in a roundtable discussion,.
At Washington University on Tuesday, Obama sat down with me for a one-on-one interview.
I asked about the science behind public American, as well as his.
Learned enrolled in Los Angeles transferred his.
While in L.A., he said, the air was so bad it prevented him from running outside.
He remembers the air quality alerts and how people.
He credits the Clean Air Act with making Americans "" healthier "see they aren't covered in smog."
Obama also said other respiratory diseases went down after these measures were taken.
Peer-reviewed Environmental Protection Agency say the Clean Air Act and subsequent amendments have reduced early deaths associated to particle pollution and ozone,.
The EPA estimates that, and matter.
"No challenge poses more public threat than climate change," told me.
When asked about the strength of the relationship between climate change, he said, "We know, insect-borne diseases potentially up.
In straight-forward fashion, that heat-related increase is in addition to public awareness around the potential people recognize a very personal impact in climate change, and do something about it. "
, Obama reframe the climate change as a health issue that affects all of us,.
About this, the President encouraged citizens, doctors and nurses to start "to to reduce the impacts of climate change."
Presidential proclamation declaring Health to reduce climate change. "
The average American can reduce their carbon footprint, • Change incandescent bulbs to.
One reduce carbon during its lifetime.
Every in its bulbs, reduce the electricity spent.
Unplug your chargers when not in use.
, This practice can save on your energy bill.
Laptop.
Laptops are designed to be energy-efficient because battery life is a factor in their design.
% more energy-efficient than.
Filter your own water.
How your you store.
Adjust your thermostats.
If you keep your house warmer, you can save on your energy bill.
The bill by.
Obama did not current Act.
He said the statute is "clear and straightforward."
Supreme Court decision. "
At issue is the 32 states that did not set up health care exchanges and the federal government.
Affordable Care Act does not allow in those states () possibly creating a Texas would not.
Obama if upheld
"people would lose their health insurance.
They would no longer be able to afford the health insurance being provided.
Obama "is the last gasp of folks who have been fighting against [the Affordable Care Act]."
'what saved my life
Tumor went and cancer-free.'
"He added, I think will be in when the Supreme Court takes a look at this case."
(CNN) Five militants from the Kurdistan Workers' Party were wounded in clashes with Turkish armed forces in eastern Turkey, the country's military said Saturday.
Turkish fighting that took place in the city of Agri said in a written statement.
Kurdish separatists opened fire from distance, targeting Turkish soldiers who were securing an area in Agri a festival,.
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu condemned the violence and said that "the heinous attack in Agri is the Turkish armed forces."
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan also condemned the attack as the separatists' "process (with Kurds)."
Month, longtime leader of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), called for the violence to end.
In a historic letter, he urged fighters to lay down their arms, the "".
The incidents, an estimated 40,000 lives have been lost.
The conflict has been, some say, a battle by activists among for independence.
Has, a guerrilla war punctuated with terrorist acts.
Kurdish -- living oppression of southeastern Turkey.
(CNN) An Indonesian court has rejected a bid by two drug smugglers -- executions.
Andrew Chan awaiting death by firing squad Indonesia "
Of three judges on Monday confirmed an earlier ruling that lacked the jurisdiction to Widodo to grant clemency.
Lawyers for the pair argued failed cases.
One of the condemned lawyers,, said he was disappointed with the rulings decision.
He said his team would file further review, asking the Constitutional Court's obligations.
"the government still respects... ongoing proceedings," he said.
Spontana, spokesman general, told CNN the administrative court's ruling was "a relief."
"We had predicted will be clemency is right at the court," he said.
"With this decision, it's a step closer towards the scheduled execution."
Has repeatedly appealed for clemency prisoner Indonesia way.
Drug,, Widodo has made it clear he intends to be tough on crimes.
In an interview with CNN, he said there would be "no compromise" on drug.
"Indonesia is in a emergency, so that,".
Ask for amnesty
...
Amnesty. "
Six convicted of drug from Brazil.
Chan have been jailed since April 2005 kilograms from Bali to Australia.
Nine were arrested after Indonesian.
, 31, was the ringleader of the plot, described's collaborator.
Seven people in lengthy prison sentences.
Police caught four people at the Denpasar airport.
Four -- including Sukumaran -- were arrested at a hotel.
Chan was detained after a drugs.
Sukumaran and have become their time behind bars, according to fellow jail's chief.
Is studying arts and has set up a class for inmates.
Has found inmates with.
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has said their.
Australians have support demonstrate opposition to the planned executions.
(CNN) A bus collided with a, a fiery crash that killed 35 people -- most of them children -- and local media.
The accident caused a fire bus, leaving more.
Debris scattered across the road, while smoke rose, social media show.
The dead athletes traveling for sporting, an eyewitness told TV, a Moroccan state-owned network.
After the crash, photos appeared on social media, along with condolence messages "May God have mercy on them" and "."
The crash happened near of., the Maghreb Arabe agency reported.
Said were also injured.
(CNN) As tourists stroll between Yellowstone's 300 active geysers, in front of thousands,, they are treading on one of the planet's greatest.
The park supervolcano,, but now using technology to scan its depths, have made a bombshell discovery.
Yellowstone's magma reserves are magnitudes of Utah.
Underneath the's paths is rock nearly 14 times.
It is in a newly discovered reservoir study published Thursday in the journal Science.
Scientists better understand Yellowstone's previous eruptions,, some of Earth's largest explosions in the last few million years.
Utah scientists also created the first three-dimensional depiction of the geothermal Yellowstone,.
Yellowstone heat source reaches down 440 beneath its core.
It is the newly discovered reservoir that lies on top of it.
The magma, which scientists knew about the -- magma.
It three miles under the surface of the Earth and is geysers,.
It alone has a volume of the Grand Canyon.
But those great magma expanses do not mean that the two hellish overflow with rock.
Bulk of magma rock is,, with pockets of rock.
The discovery mean more magma than before, scientists say.
Are signs of an eruption.
"The actual hazard is the same, we have a much complete crustal magma system,".
An eruption in the next thousand years is unlikely, the USGS says.
Scientists at in -- the will be lightning.
But when it does blow, it probably will change the world.
Compared to Yellowstone's,, when it covered Washington with ash the size of Lake Michigan in 1980.
, Which exploded in the Philippines in 1991, doesn't roar.
Krakatoa in 1883,, the final explosion reportedly ruptured the eardrums of people miles away.
The Yellowstone's eruptions the books 1815 blew many skyward 10,000 in an instant, according to a report.
Its may have blocked sunlight around the world, chilling the Earth's climate into frigid the year the "without summer,.
May led to frosty failures.
36 cubic miles of debris into the sky.
Yellowstone has dwarfed that at least three times, the USGS says.
The explosions have left deep scars, park become familiar with one -- Yellowstone Caldera, which takes up much of the park by a roundish mountainous ridge.
The volcanic crater cubic ruptured the and into the discharge, USGS says.
Flowed into,, which may account for the crater.
2 million years ago, volcanic activity blew 600 Yellowstone.
In a few million years,, they what is If another large eruption were to occur at Yellowstone, its effects would be worldwide.
's climate.
So it's no wonder scientists cast an eye on Yellowstone for a while.
The Utah Yellowstone magma a, said researcher.
Triggers 2,000 per year, and the shock at different speeds molten other rock.
Detailed model of beneath Yellowstone it is.
Here are the upper chamber and magma reservoir numbers.
The upper, which the closest, is 2,500 cubic miles in volume and measures about 19 by 55 miles.
The reservoir of cubic miles is about.
The next explosion is thousands of years away, Yellowstone's cavernous heat tanks an.
The lava was some years ago, says.
In, ground temperatures rose high enough to geysers boil.
A few inches under recorded 200 degrees Fahrenheit -- enough.
Park authorities Yellowstone to feet on melting.
(CNN) How would you get your?
Your name on hit in the?
No?
Olivo, who did exactly that, is new she for said President Nicolas Maduro.
Olivo, 54, saw when Maduro, the state.
Maduro,, to a rally was meeting.
Had the window open, to greet people attending the rally.
Olivo had a mango -- "" -- along with her.
Close and,, tossed at Maduro.
In a video that has gone viral in Venezuela, Maduro is shown lowering his head hit,.
He then calmly picks up the mango and holds it up to the crowd.
In the evening, the president mentioned one infamous as.
"," Maduro said.
're her [] show, Maduro.'
Had a housing right?
And,, already, as of the of Venezuela, you will it will be given to you in the next few hours.
Tomorrow than after you. "
Maduro also joked that with the mango.
Maduro "
Olivo told local media her to toss note.
"I didn't have available at that moment," she told El Pitazo TV.
"was a mango was."
Maduro's critics are calling the incident a a play on the words "" "" a Spanish word meaning assassination leader.
In, that the opposition target him for assassination.
But the mango-thrower says she had intent.
"My dream is to before I die," she told El Pitazo she had been very ill recently,.
Paris (CNN) Six of Paris are suing a French media outlet.
According to Paris's lawsuit and a preliminary investigation by the.
The media BFMTV is accused of who were hiding in a cold room during the attack, by location.
Said journalists "mentioned hidden the Cacher on the sources."
", the felt be released.
It therefore has subsequently never been repeated on air or posted.
BFMTV could the hostages, their relatives,, statement said.
Gunman Amedy Coulibaly, the officer, stormed the supermarket on January 9, killing four people hostage.
Was killed in the police operation to end the siege.
A 24-year-old supermarket employee,, was hailed as a hero afterward that had to hide 15 customers from Coulibaly in the room.
Was the culmination of three days of terror that began with the January 7 shooting at Charlie Hebdo.
Two brothers blamed for attack, Cherif Kouachi, were killed on January 9.
The terror attacks claimed the lives of alert.
CNN's Ariana Williams and London.
A helicopter crash killed six people,, the Malaysian news agency Bernama reported.
The helicopter crashed Baru in at 4 p.m (
ET), said.
Prime Minister Najib Razak ordered an investigation.
Among the victims were,, the and chairman of PR1MA, Bernama said.
An urban.
"who had made great contributions to the government, party and country," Najib told reporters after visiting the crash site.
Jarjis was "a person of, who had much party and country," he said.
"many acquaintances here and abroad."
Prime minister's private secretary, Najib referred to him.
"he had to leave in sector government" Najib said.
The helicopter's flight has been in good condition, reported Sunday,.
The agency said civil aviation authorities are expected to release a preliminary report on the crash within days.
CNN about your history to of a distant long-deceased relative who?
Seriously, who in their right mind would want to be tarnished by an ancestor connection to a remote bloodline?
Neither did Ben, producers of show "Roots," remove Cole, a owner's, in an episode that Affleck's.
(Affleck Cole's name.)
That surprise exploit potentially scandalous material:, Gates apparently acquiesced to Affleck's request when aired was's slave-owning.
Affleck's attempt to alter the content publicly a few days ago emails an exchange between Gates and Michael Lynton.
When Gates respond to Affleck's request, responded, "."
On Tuesday, Affleck,, admitted that he had urged to excise any reference to his slave-owning relative.
I didn't want show family.
I was embarrassed.
The.
Now Gates denied that he made his decision the based on Affleck's request, but it seems likely that he did.
After all, Affleck noted as much in his Facebook post "me on slave owner."
And other celebrities on last season were shown to have been related to slave owners.
So it's unlikely that it was simply happenstance that it left out any reference to's familial ownership connection.
In any event, PBS has launched an internal review to determine if the show.
, Affleck and did the right thing.
Let's be clear: "" is not an investigative show; it's an entertainment program.
Is directly by the celebrity being profiled.
's "60 Minutes" nature of profile of their names to.
There's not even a hint that Affleck strong-armed the producers or made any type of threats against them if the information.
In the emails between Gates,, there was no mention of by Affleck.
, Gates Affleck "asked to edit out."
After the emails were revealed, Gates issued a statement saying, "I and,, decide what make for the most compelling.
In the case of Affleck were his a who civil rights. "
View would had a history of uttering racist remarks or racist conduct.
That would have made the truly newsworthy.
But instead championing progressive causes, which I'm sure made him even more sensitive that the use this information against him in the future.
What Affleck meant in his Facebook post when he wrote that information "."
Noted he regrets asking to include his relative. "
That's a nice gesture, but it was not needed.
Had every right to the information to be left out of the show.
And PBS had the choice to include it or leave it out.
) President Barack Obama a drone strike killed and Lo, two held hostage.
Al Qaeda sought to trade for prisoners by.
Not only taking -- the case of Jason Rezaian, The Washington Post's Tehran bureau chief.
On April 20, diplomats in, over Iran, Rezaian had been charged with propaganda. "
The State Department, Rezaian The Washington Post and journalists reacted with outrage.
Their anger, but There is a long history of hostages against the backdrop of diplomacy to extract concessions, humiliate the United States or unease.
The scale of Iran's hostage-taking -- not only Rezaian and Hekmati -- may pale in comparison with Iranian behavior of past.
But hostages concessions enthusiasm a pattern.
The original seizure: On November 4, students seized the American Embassy in Tehran, diplomats hostage for 444 days.
Often forgotten was what sparked that episode, which occurred more than nine months after Ayatollah Khomeini declared.
To reconcile: At a November 1 Zbigniew Brzezinski, national security adviser, met Iranian Prime Minister Mehdi Bazargan.
According to, he told was open to any relationship the Islamic republic wanted.
Handshake graced newspapers.
Iranian hardliners,,, seized to rapprochement.
Khomeini endorsed their action.
"Our people must foil these plots," he said.
The hostages became pawns in an escalating.
Brzezinski of.
Iran released embassy hostages as his oath of office,.
Iranian seized Americans.
Reagan a plan to trade arms for hostages.
Diverting weaponry, the scheme was for diplomacy but, with Obama's, the camp Iranian.
Initially,, no sooner had American officials delivered hostages then kidnappers seized.
Another way concessions.
Of course, Iran.
Whenever the United States rogue regimes from the cold crises.
: Obama on the world stage
"The not talking to countries is ridiculous," Obama,.
Obama marked two months in office when North Korea detained two journalists for's.
Prison.
Traditional hostage diplomacy.
Former President Bill Clinton traveled to Pyongyang to release.
North Korean leader used the episode to of his son and Un.
North Korea's force that "General Kim Jong Un's artifice let U.S. President Clinton cross the Pacific to the Great Leader.
General Kim Jong Un's extraordinary outstanding. "
North Korea's deputy foreign minister confided that for had.
Lee were North Korea during the Obama era.
North Korean,, sought's censure in the U.N. Security Council.
Pyongyang responded by threatening Gomes, imprisoned North Korea.
On cue, former President Jimmy Carter arrived to mediate Gomes' talks and,, derailed efforts to hold North Korea dozen sailors.
The in 2012 when North Korea seized Bae, whom Kim Jong Un sought to leverage.
, North Korea arrested an 85-year-old veteran touring the kingdom and,, two other tourists.
Each resulted in a high-level, apology to North Korea that bolstered the's.
Saddam Hussein.
In 1995, Iraqi security forces seized two American who strayed into Iraq from Kuwait.
Years days Bill Richardson, D-New Mexico, a close ally () flew to Baghdad.
The media lauded his trip Saddam to depict as strong and.
"Saddam accepts the Clinton, the Congress" the Iraqi.
The Taliban.
Obama American high-value Taliban alleged imprisoned at Guantanamo Bay, the Taliban arrested two Americans missionaries.
Their threatened death -- backdrop to negotiate relations with the the, holding captive could the playing leverage for concessions.
What Iran brinkmanship?
Diplomats own and convince engagement can bring cold.
Ego ambition presidents that adversaries.
Rezaian are canaries in the coal mine,.
(CNN) Given that most people couldn't tell the difference between a copyright and a trademark, it takes something controversial, such as the Redskins' name, to get people interested in trademark law.
This a a lesser-known trademark -- the band The Slants.
The Slants are five Asian-American musicians from Portland, Oregon, who pay homage on stage -- to their heritage in an ironic way.
"We want stereotypes that have,, and", the band's front-man said.
, The the Lenny an insulting term doesn't.
The Slants,, it is empowering.
To.
Unfortunately, a bureaucrat at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office decided that disparaging and me) Section 2 (a) of the act.
This is the section that lets the government deny trademark protection to a mark that is "immoral," "scandalous" or "disparaging."
In this case, the latter.
But.
't referring to other people as. "
In L is the disparaged group who are complaining the its own knows best.
In the 'case these Asian guys it doesn't, why bother? "
As if Asian American groups.
This is not the first time that someone has "taken back" a trademark fight.
About "Dykes on Bikes" was similarly, they fought the right to.
Made similar: "," in that decision?
In another decision, the trademark initially denied on the grounds that Buddhists would find.
But on the Trademark go forward stating "board be its own for that of Buddhists."
So why aren't given the same privileges as on or?
It is largely a sign of the times.
We mired excited to take offense.
Given the controversy over the Redskins't.
This decision offends me.
To court a racist based on that,, intended name to invoke.
But) to the same intent privilege.
This States decision that in), but the decision is unprincipled.
Even this decision First Amendment.
The flippantly discards the issues as nothing.
We did it this way before, doing it this way. "
Constitution got stepped on before, and who are we to take off it?
're.
Well, the court dissent styled views. "
While not some First Amendment rights the dissents.
The dissent recognizes speech, which is protected by the First Amendment.
That the government in basis the content of speech.
Is known as unconstitutional. "
Since against First Amendment content, the court called) finally.
It declined that.
It suggested it,.
And people is falling out.
I guess I will start a and call them. "
Won't be allowed to register that trademark -- the five from Slants could.
(CNN)'s ex-fiance is speaking out about their dispute over embryos created while they dated.
In an op-ed published by The New York Times on Wednesday, Nick Loeb explained his two embryos with the actress.
"I wanted to keep this private, but recently the story broke the world," Loeb wrote.
"because the -- ex is Sofia Vergara, who stars in the series" embryonic raise life parenthood "
Engaged two decided to create embryos and conceive via surrogate.
To embryos to term, created embryos
"create embryos for purpose not them property
"... A woman is entitled to bring a pregnancy to term even if the man objects.
A responsibilities to his embryos woman "
Loeb filed the 42-year-old actress two.
He filed it in August in California while they dated.
"We signed a form stating that through be with both parties' consent.
The form as California law requires -- he said. "
Voided. "
Representatives declined to comment in the past.
Loeb said "" wants the embryos in a surrogate and bring them.
't egg donor.
The case has led to questions about who has the right to embryos.
Typically, prior legal agreement between a couple spells out authority, said fertility specialist Dr. David Tourgeman, who's not involved in this case.
Usually when embryos are created,, there's usually power of attorney described to these embryos, he said.
In most cases, the mother or the egg is given power of attorney,, Tourgeman said.
's get involved owns he said.
Aden, Yemen The empty.
To boom through the city of Aden as us.
Aden is a city gripped by desperation.
People line up for,, and electricity only a few.
And from late afternoon onward.
The shelling, the daily.
To Yemen in boat Saudi airstrikes on Houthi rebels three weeks ago Thursday.
But Aden city government.
Everyone we spoke to Thursday told us the same thing: Living in Aden these days is terrifying.
A hospital have given up trying to count the dead brought in.
The toll into the hundreds.
Everywhere,, heard and smelled the desperation.
We spoke to some of the loyalist military commanders.
Felt Houthi forces.
The Houthis forced Hadi from power in January to is working allies to return.
The Yemen.
Window into hell ': Yemenis flee Saudi airstrikes Saudi aerial has launched more than 1,200 airstrikes.
Saudi they have killed more than 500 Houthi rebels.
But is a portion of the armaments the Saudis send in on guided Houthi.
There is, to be sure, a sense that weeks into this operation, the Saudis are making some headway with the strikes.
Given how far along they are into operation, the expectation would have been Saudis providing loyalist forces on the ground -- back.
That hasn't happened.
Why is Yemen?
Government loyalists have territory that is able to dock.
An area around the smaller ports is reliably in government hands.
But Aden's port will be strategic for any potential incursion.
Those forces will need to be reinforced and supplied -- and the port is at the top of the list.
The that not Saudis set out.
The loyalists were frank with us.
We are outgunned,.
We are fighting a force in its tanks
"We're fighting automatic,".
"Those reinforcements aren't getting in to time."
(CNN) An Alaska Airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing Monday after its.
Flight 448, bound for Los Angeles,.
Upon landing, a agent was discovered inside, according to a statement from the airline.
The,, told authorities he had fallen asleep, the statement said.
Condition.
The cargo hold controlled.
The plane was Alaska Airlines said.
CNN spoke to Marty Collins, a passenger on the plane.
"then into the flight we were going we'd land, Collins said.
When landed when and police and fire surrounded the plane.
The agent was taken to an area hospital.
Passed and was discharged, Airlines said.
A four-person team loading baggage onto the flight.
All security,, said Airlines.
A total of 170 passengers and six crew members were on Flight 448.
A gunman walked into a building on Wayne North Carolina Monday and shot the school him.
The school was placed on lockdown and remains at large.
, Tom Effler County Sheriff said
"This is not a random situation.
Isolated situation "
The victim,, was a longtime employee.
The gunman, identified by law enforcement as 20-year-old Morgan Stancil, worked for the and.
The Police Department described as "dangerous."
"This is a sad day for Wayne and close family," President said.
"Our hearts are heavy at the loss of an employee -- a valued employee -- and we will be reaching out to the family."
"response from the responders," who are the suspect. "
The shooting took place on the third floor of a campus building.
Earlier reports, the victim was inside the library, said.
Authorities were out, they deployed into a restroom someone was in,.
Inside turned out the suspect.
2013 two-year school with a population of 3,837, according to the National Center for Education Statistics,.
The show no assaults or thefts between 2011 and 2013.
Libya (CNN) Smugglers offering discounts to overcrowded people a CNN investigation has revealed.
A smuggler in the capital laid bare the system for loading boats with refugees, a conversation a CNN producer secretly filmed.
Mobile phone, prices gather as many migrants as possible onto ships.
An estimated 1,600 migrants on the dangerous Mediterranean, but try.
CNN introduced to a smuggler by Tripoli, she her
Why I fled: Migrants stories took her to an unfinished building on the outskirts of the city's many the migrants they already found.
Trash-littered alleyway featured rooms,, where dozens -- well over the migrants was promised.
The smuggler explained that the "final price" for Syrians to migrant was $1,000.
He added that for each Syrian she brought, the get 100.
Travel.
He explained "" was "well known," suggesting the the trade migrants to each boat.
Any fears about the crossing were allayed by insisting the boats they used, the Senegalese pilot would a and assist the crossing.
He also assured CNN's,, that too many use boats.
(CNN) Would you build a house with water?
Hungarian architect believes that water is the perfect material.
While that doesn't mean he can do away with traditional materials like bricks, cement and plaster, a new idea of engineering.
Gutai built a prototype house in Kecskemet, south of Budapest with his high school friend Milan Berenyi,.
The house was built from the the "liquid engineering" concepts about.
Of, the structure of the house is the inner layers, which the temperature.
The house is able to heat the external temperature.
Also be monitoring similar to central heating.
A efficient system house can produce its own energy energy could.
"Our panel building itself -- the water inside the panel does the job as," says.
Building with glass sustainable solution "
While studying architecture at the University of Tokyo,, Gutai got the idea for his water from a open hot baths.
Despite the snowfall outside, Gutai inside -- it was then he realized the importance of its potential in architecture.
As an architect I think it's really important that tries permanence, which has been a key concept in architecture for years.
Permanence hasn't changed at all, but something very are making adapts to its environment.
"Architecture is changing in our time.
We reached to architecture, it to look for a new system. "
"This research dates back eight years," explains Gutai.
"it took us almost six years to get the building done.
There are structural problems a lot were so cold the water freezes happens breaks. "
"the water with cause lower the freezing temperature level.
This if reheating technology, freeze. "
Like, insulation to the structure, to protect it. "
To?
"We designed joint.
The joint elements allow flow but block flows,.
This means that if one panel breaks, it will from the remaining ones instantly.
Effect based on fluid dynamics, and computers monitoring system -- which minimizes the chance of failure.
Gutai has worked with universities to make the building small space ().
"Our goal should be to use less energy and materials, and take as much as possible.
Water house is one way to do that Gutai currently works as a researcher at Chia University in Taiwan.
In, aims to our energy needs and across Europe on.
(CNN) The Italian navy has boarded a fishing boat seized by gunmen off the coast of Sicily, the Italian military said Friday.
The boat,, was intercepted 90 kilometers (56 miles) from the Libyan port of Misrata, according to a statement from the Italian Joint Forces.
The fishing soldier on the vessel according.
It said the operation were accidentally fired and one of seven fisherman on board was injured.
The Airone, carrying three from Vallo in Sicily five days earlier to fish for shrimp.
The captain said there were about 10 other ships in the area was, according to Mazzarino, the boat.
"a boat and flanked Libyans came, said quoting,.
"armed.
. "
Italy is a gateway to Europe for migrants.
Thousands of people make journey to Mediterranean.
More than 10,000 migrants in the first three months of 2015, according to the.
On Monday, a speedboat fired in the air and was being used to transport migrants, according to the European Union agency.
That incident occurred from the Libyan coast.
250 migrants been transferred to a different boat, Frontex said on its website.
Of boats weapons used migrants said,, release.
(), you'd like "Full House" and?
Got it, dude!
Stamos announced Monday on "Jimmy Kimmel Live" that Netflix has ordered special a Fuller House. "
The show will feature Candace Cameron, who played eldest daughter D.J.
In the series -- which aired from 1987 to 1995 -- as the recently widowed mother of three.
"It's sort of a role reversal, we" Stamos told Kimmel.
Sweetin, who played Stephanie Tanner in the original series, and Andrea, who portrayed D.J
Kimmy will both return for the new series said.
Stamos will produce and guest star.
Talks co-starsBob Saget,, Dave Coulier are, Netflix said.
The show will be available next year, Netflix said.
Fans of the Full House are thrilled to be able to introduce Fuller,, a new generation that have grown up with the Netflix Original said in a statement.
With Tanner -- now named Tanner-Fuller (get...
Fuller?)
-- pregnant, recently widowed and living in San Francisco.
Musician -- and her lifelong best friend and,, in for two.
, Tweeted Cameron Bure to ask whether to resume their friendship.
"," Bure tweeted back.
) Wednesday's game between the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public, the Orioles announced Tuesday.
The closed-door contest follows of Tuesday's games the White a scheduled for following unrest.
A source within Major League Baseball told CNN the league is not aware of any prior closed-door games.
The game at Camden Yards begin at 2: 05
ET.
The game will be televised on the MASN regional cable network.
"After conferring with local officials, game should be played to minimize safety concerns," Major League Baseball said.
The office of Commissioner Rob Manfred said the league will keep an eye on the situation in Baltimore.
"Our thoughts are with those who have been affected and everyone in our game for the safety of American,".
Hall of Famer tweeted that the series should be moved to a later date.
The former star said, "house no sense!"
Game come city remains Monday with arrests Tuesday.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said the game will mean "."
"We a.
O's, Rawlings-Blake told CNN.
The said tickets from Monday's game can be used for May 28.
Fans with tickets tickets for any remaining home game, including May.
The team announced it would move three games () against the Rays.
The Orioles will be the home team, the team said.
Fans with tickets Wednesday's can swap their tickets,.
Exchanges must be by June 30, the team said.
The Orioles have fans games at Camden Yards this season,.
According to MLB.com, games have been postponed in the past because of security concerns.
In 1992, Los Angeles Dodgers games were pushed back because of riots in the Rodney King case.
In 1967, riots in Detroit prompted officials to move games the.
1968 was postponed for the Rev.
Martin Luther King Jr. After the September 11 attacks, baseball.
ESPN expert by turnout for game.
A fresh series of airstrikes Wednesday, Houthi rebels called for peace talks.
The talks should resume only after a halt of attacks, Houthi said in a Facebook post.
The talks between Houthi rebels and the government failed in January after rebels attacked the and presidential palace in Sanaa, the capital.
On Tuesday, Saudi Arabia announced Operation Decisive Storm, monthlong campaign against Houthi.
The Saudi-led coalition said was underway,, focused on the political process.
Forces attacked a Yemeni government military,, according to security sources in Taiz.
Five airstrikes targeted a weapons depot in the, two Taiz officials said.
Explosions lasted for 40 minutes, they said.
It was unclear whether resumption of strikes.
, Houthis released Defense Minister Mahmoud al-Subaihi on Wednesday, according to a senior Saudi source on condition of anonymity.
The Houthis had the base near the city of Aden on March 26 before the.
The rebels captured the base as part of Aden.
The United Nations demanded's.
Saudi Arabia and Yemen starting March 26, hoping to wipe out the rebel group that overthrew power.
The Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni -- a key U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda -- was earlier this year.
Said airstrikes.
The campaign achieved its objectives said Brig.
Gen. Ahmed Asiri, a Saudi military spokesman.
A senior official told CNN that the Houthis agreed to "all demands" of the U.N. Security Council.
President Ali Abdullah Saleh and his family will position said.
From the Saudi next phase of operations including protecting humanitarian and medical and security.
Troops will protect the border and any attempts to destabilize the situation,.
Military action taken.
Houthi 'Anyone is' military campaign, the Saudis said they want a political solution for the nation.
Back "" said a statement from Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates.
He's Yemen's legitimate leader,.
He is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to his country.
"We promise to restructure the military to the people of Yemen," Hadi that he would return at "the right time".
"will in days to come mission an and rebel militancy," said.
Security on Wednesday strikes militants in Mukalla.
Six suspected militants died in the attack.
This is the second drone strike in three days.
Monday were drone strikes targeted vehicles,.
A U.S. military official told CNN on Tuesday that the United States is conducting "reconnaissance" off Yemen.
Official last few days not Iranian ships to ensure freedom and security.
Is Yemen?
(CNN)
The Kentucky Wildcats Saturday the the for in the NCAA men's basketball Final Four at Indianapolis.
Meet national champ Duke in Monday night's title game.
The Devils dominated Michigan State 81-61.
National player Frank Kaminsky led with 20 points.
Junior forward Sam Dekker added 16 points.
"These guys just gutted." Coach said
"We just battling on every possession."
Freshman Karl-Anthony Towns with 16 points.
Sophomore Andrew chipped in 13 points while.
Kentucky came into the game as the first men's team to have a 38-0 record.
The Badgers fought back with 6: 39 left in the game.
An 8-0 it relinquished.
It looking to win.
The minutes failed to score.
Stuck on for five minutes.
Harrison, who shot the first half,.
"I didn't execute.
Execute as me coach, said.
His coach interjected
"He did fine.
He did fine, John Calipari said.
Meanwhile,, making a layup, a three-pointer and a free throw the Badgers.
Calipari said the Badgers did a good job defending the Kentucky men.
"(our) guys got," he said.
Calipari looked at the six turnovers,% of its free throws made 48 field goals.
He said his team struggled to guard the rebound battle which Wisconsin.
Kamisky, was asked how the outrebounded a team is.
"We stayed into attacking them, trying to do whatever we can," he said.
"trying to keep our priorities."
Freshman led with 19 points while of the year Jahlil Okafor had 18.
Senior guard Quinn Cook had.
"The defense was terrific,".
"We drove the ball with.
Our offense gave our defense. "
Junior guard Spartans finished with 22 points.
Senior guard had 16 points.
The Spartans,, began the game in a higher gear and quickly took an eight-point lead.
Hit long-range the Spartans struggled baskets.
"They did a good job and us out (from the basket).
Bad shots, Valentine said.
Duke occasionally used a 2-3 defense that protected some of its concerns and slowed the Spartans down.
But it was when Duke played that the Spartans really had a hard time scoring.
State made five of its shots made final minutes.
The Devils of the Conference found baskets inside as the powered.
Winslow to seven points in the first half,.
Duke led at halftime of 19 points from early deficit.
Leads to offense "
The confidence gained in defensive stops led drive the three-pointers.
"We saw that we could take advantage," Cook said.
In the second half, Duke increased its lead to 20.
The Spartans were cut single digits and Duke its free throws in the final minutes.
"Duke but I thought it better games," Michigan State head coach Tom Izzo said.
The like Final Indianapolis, home of the NCAA.
It won in 1991 and 2010.
The other two crowns 1992 each in Minneapolis.
Duke has beaten Wisconsin in December.
(CNN) A 54-year-old man carrying a suspicious package scaled a White House fence Sunday night.
Jerome Hunt,, climbed the fence on the south side of the White House complex:, said Brian with the Secret Service.
According to a source with knowledge of the investigation feet South Lawn "compliant" he dogs thim.
Hunt is in custody and charges are pending said.
Was being examined later to be harmless, a Secret Service source told CNN.
Last temporary may be added to House fence.
A temporary measure to protect the new.
The official said.
The Secret Service has come under heavy criticism after two incidents.
On, Secret Service agents who intoxicated into a White House.
A man jumped the White House fence and made it to an on.
Chaffetz told CNN, "
Who dealt with the situation, learn more.
(CNN) Baltimore Mayor Stephanie over the word "thug."
"'s to call children '," Baltimore City Councilman Carl Stokes told CNN's "Erin Burnett OutFront."
"These are children who,, who have been engaged by us.
We don't have to call them thugs. "
"Just call them."
We by names such as. "
The Rev.
Bryant drew the same comparison on CNN.
The the mayor are, he said.
"."
".
You call 'thugs' but call
'is the 21st century word for the.
It is repulsive and offensive to to raise what's taking place this hour. "
The unrest in Baltimore was sparked by the arrest and death of Freddie Gray, who suffered a severe spinal cord injury while in custody.
Six officers have been suspended over the incident.
Eulogy at Gray's funeral.
't know about Freddie Gray Mayor Rawlings-Blake responded.
"I wanted to clarify, '".
"speak out of frustration and anger in that."
She added, "That saw young people need to be held accountable,.
And didn't convey that.
Kweisi Baltimore former president of the NAACP said "absolutely do a not belonging."
Whether we call a thug a law breaker,, it doesn't matter.
What matters is we take our streets.
And have been,,, and know, you control this community.
It is not yours.
You can't burn it down.
You can't force people.
't people, "."
So I understand that that people want to talk about a word.
I'm worried about a movement, it's not a movement for positive change.
It's a right we get it. "
Kevin Shird, another Baltimore native and author of "" said "thug" is "not like the n-word in my mind."
But, he said in interview, the term has ", people offended like that."
A drug dealer, said he description of young people who rioted and looted on Monday.
"young juveniles.
So, in my mind I don't see thug.
I have seen thugs and they don't.
That it was criminal behavior and it can't be justified. "
, "just want to police brutality matter."
Thugs' Sherman previously called the term "way of calling the n-word nowadays."
Thug addressed the term on radio program "Madd Hatta Morning Show."
The host up referring to Tupac Shakur.
"the," said "" online in January.
"you know, struggles live."
"Thug responded
"I of him, growing up listening to him...
The he.
"" as "a brutal."
On Monday, Mayor said, "is the protests who heard,, the difference between those and the thugs who destroy our city."
On Tuesday, President Obama referred to the "thugs."
Secretary of State John Kerry "" refer to ISIS.
A of Shinzo Abe to two Japanese citizens "who were murdered Daesh for I."
Another term for ISIS.
Has also referred to "thugs" in the Ukraine crisis.
Obama also used the term "thugs" in similar context.
Thugs United, "
Washington (CNN) Judge Jeffrey Sutton doesn't have a company the.
Sutton, on the 6th U.S.
Court of Appeals in Cincinnati, penned the only recent decision to uphold bans on same-sex marriage.
Opinion, issued in November, up rulings striking down such bans.
The helped pave the way for the Supreme Court Tuesday whether gay couples constitutional right to marry.
It provides insight into legal arguments made before the court by states seeking to uphold bans when in favor of same-sex marriage.
"It's an ideal piece of judicial," said Anderson of the who believes that are constitutional.
Sutton "more takes argument that the other side has made, it doesn't work."
Critics call the opinion an outlier and will, considering the number of courts that have overturned same-sex marriage in the nearly two years since the Supreme Court struck down the core of the federal Defense of Marriage Act.
Judge Sutton stands,,, a rights advocacy group.
Sutton is the former state solicitor for Ohio, where.
For Justices Antonin Scalia Sutton.
Bench, is considered a conservative jurist with a keen interest in states' rights.
Central arguments from his opinion that to uphold same-sex marriage bans are to.
"demeaning,, to the citizenry to assume same-sex marriage
"majority of citizens and the rights of minority groups?"
In the opinion by Deborah Cook, a Bush.
Critics such as Davidson condemned such reasoning.
"The people don't get to decide what the Constitution safeguards," Davidson said.
"They violate the Constitution."
Sutton pointed to the drafters views of the 14th Amendment.
"Nobody" argues that the the Amendment States marriage. "
An argument made to the idea that there is no marriage for same-sex couples in the Constitution.
"the Republic marriage as between a man and a woman," he wrote, noting that the Fourteenth Amendment permits,, to define marriage.
He said marriage rationally government policy.
"By creating marriage and subsidizing it (
Tax-filing and States an incentive for people who procreate together to stay together for purposes of offspring. "
He states be awareness that same-sex couples have opposite sex.
Sutton pushes back on those who oppose same-sex marriage lesbian couples.
He said sex-marriage not driven by hostility but by "children, jobs and."
Gene Schaerr, a Washington appellate lawyer who help to defend Utah's ban on same-sex marriage, calls Sutton a might opinion.
"'s his analysis to leave the issue to without another," said.
Attached to opinion was a harsh dissent from a third member of the panel heard.
Judge Martha Craig Daughtrey, a Bill Clinton appointee, dismissed the opinion as an "" and a federalism. "
Daughtrey said that Sutton see the plaintiffs as individuals suffering. "
"not zealots to push reform on citizens," she committed couples.
Her harshest language was for Sutton's premise that the decision should be left to the democratic process.
(CNN) Shops looted.
Terrified foreigners hiding in police stadiums.
Machete-wielding attackers in major cities in South Africa.
Foreigners and businesses rage, killing at least six people nations are scrambling to evacuate their citizens from.
This is not the first xenophobic violence in a country to.
They started after Zulu Zwelithini said foreigners "should pack their bags" citizens, local media reported.
Shortly after his comments.
His office has denied the comments, saying.
Mostly the nation, influential in their communities.
Attacks in March dispute citizens.
Some citizens have accused African immigrants of taking already scarce jobs,.
Nation, according to government figures.
Borders, growing poverty and corruption are a major concern, analysts say.
President Jacob Zuma said his government is addressing social and economic concerns.
He said contribute to the nation's economy and are in demand should not be stereotyped as criminals.
"While nationals have crimes, it is or regard crime," Zuma said.
Has immigrants% of the population.
Zimbabweans.
Because.
Yes.
This is the latest in a series of attacks.
Looters burned foreigners in attacks.
Other incidents last year, Human Rights Watch said.
Seven years ago, Johannesburg was the epicenter of tensions that left dozens dead in spread.
Most of the victims had fled.
In police arrested 200 people on various charges including murder and theft.
In 2006, xenophobic violence.
Xenophobic attacks have African nations including Nigeria.
African nations.
Malawi and Zimbabwe are countries evacuating from South Africa.
In Zambia, said it will South African.
In Mozambique, South chemical giant sent about South African nationals.
The company said reported violence against nationals and the African.
Most in poor and marginalized areas.
Made its apartheid days,, according to the Mandela Foundation
"It is up to the present generations where Mandela.
Through deepen democracy;; fight with compassion, and tolerance, said in a statement.
"Xenophobia, racism and sexism must be fought with."
(CNN) The Kenyan government,, is the mastermind of Thursday's terror attack, according to a tweet from the Interior Ministry.
Al Qaeda-linked militant for the attack, according to the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi.
Mohamud is "having an extensive network" according to ministry.
The ministry posted a "Most Wanted" notice for Mohamud.
Offers a reward of 20 million Kenyan.
"We appeal to with to relevant security agencies,".
In charge of external operations against Kenya,, he is the commander Al-Shabaab in charge of the region.
In this role, he border and is responsible for cross-border incursions in the country. "
Network extends within the Dadaab refugee camp, says.
Dadaab is the world's biggest refugee camp,, according to the United Nations.
Kenya's North Eastern province Somalia.
CNN across the Somalia-Kenya border in December's attack, which killed 36 people.
In that attack, Al-Shabaab separated non-Muslim workers from their Muslim counterparts and killed them.
Is Kenyan and has siblings, including two links to Al-Shabaab says.
Sunday, Kenya identified Abdullahi.
Abdullahi Daqare, a Kenya, told CNN.
Daqare is a Kenyan, he said.
Daqare said in a phone interview.
"I received reports information (on) the son was," Daqare said.
"I told the government that the son is missing.
I sought help to find the whereabouts of my son "
He added that the two had not been in son.
Daqare said he had "really given up."
On Sunday some of the more than 147 people at University College left bodies.
One woman almost had to.
"Why?
Why?
Are you, my children? "
She wailed.
Across, there was fear and grief.
News agency videotaped a man holding at a church, as security searched people.
A church member told the agency, "Nowhere is safe can come you be and you just."
Survival and.
Al-Shabaab militants her dorm and classmates, 19-year-old Cynthia went into a closet,.
Two roommates hid.
The gunmen called them out.
"(The) if you know, you down,".
"And then, you know, you go to the other side."
Didn't.
She heard.
"said
"I didn't want to open."
For the next two days, Cheroitich.
Get to, she by.
When police well after the carnage was done, with the school -- she didn't believe them.
A visit by the university convinced her that it was safe to come out.
"recalled.
The Somali.
Al-Shabaab is based in Somalia but hasn't confined its terrorism.
In 2013 militants attacked Nairobi's upscale Mall.
Saturday, the terrorist group warned that is it promised "another bloodbath" in Kenya.
The threat drew a sharp response from Jama Adam, the governor of Garissa County.
"fallacy Al-Shabaab is that in Somalia they kill Muslims and,".
"border then say they are.
That is. "
He said were "nothing but destruction".
"that is something we need to fight,".
Arrested in Kenya attack Police Saturday paraded the bodies of men they said had carried out the attack.
-- locked in a embrace were piled on the back of a truck and driven to a school viewing.
A large crowd gathered, despite the stench.
The truck drove up to the onlookers, they.
Anger seethed in the crowd.
"These gunmen,.
We want to burn these people, one man told CNN.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta had harsh words Saturday for those who supported them.
In a televised speech, Kenyatta said against terrorism "by financiers of this communities and,."
Condemned "of worst and most criminal kind (when), hide of."
"There is no form of legal, social and they, to the fullest extent," the President said.
"threat to our republic," Kenyatta urged his fellow Kenyans to "that believe Kenya that one and democratic."
"That fight will never change," he added.
"Our and died for this nation.
We will do everything to defend life. "
Days of national mourning for the victims of the attack.
Inside University College CNN from Lillian Florence reported from.
(CNN) Freddie Gray was protests and riots has raised questions after van.
Was arrested on April 12.
40 he was not properly buckled, according to authorities.
's family said his been crushed his neck and after hospitalization, he died.
Police Commissioner said, ""
Police and the U.S. Justice Department are investigating.
The case raises at least three issues: Believe it or not, the charging document the arrest.In that police "unprovoked upon noticing police presence."
According to officers's the stop was initiated.
There is no other description of either criminal.
The next sentence is: apprehended in chase "
The police are own reason, next is stop.
Can do?
For the most part.
To stop is having probable cause to make an arrest.
In this case, Mr. Gray took off running.
The Supreme Court clear that unprovoked flight -- the police for no reason -- is enough to support reasonable suspicion that a crime has been committed.
Add suspect's Court neighborhood is a factor in assessing suspicion, it appears in to justify the stop.
Much to the chagrin of public defenders, as long as an officer testifies minimally "" area the stop. "
Police are to the additional to frisk.
Police reasonable suspicion "dangerous purpose.
The charging document doesn't identify a safety concern... or does it?
After before an: "noticed clipped to inside pocket."
That: "but it to was inside a pocket where I couldn't see it"?
That's a: lawfully the, -- even pants was visible from the outside identifying clip?
See how?
Observation of a knife is.
Observation of clip?
Officer pocket knife differentiate from,,.
According to, an attorney for a "" contended that police didn't see the knife before the altercation.
The an, but police have essentially the stop.
A stop and frisk is.
A stop gives suspicion, nothing more than a citizen.
An arrest a crime and nothing less.
That knife was charged with, so again, police are locked into a report.
If it turns out to be a knife, there will be scrutiny on the arrest.
If the "knife" was pointy to, that does not sound like good faith for an arrest.
Remember that based on the police report, they did not see the knife after they seized Gray.
So would they have Gray if he had no knife or other contraband on him?
But likely not unless there was some intentional act that resulted in Gray's death.
've seen, officers murder is rare.
If you're pro-cop, you say that's because they are well-trained and their force.
A jaded law enforcement say they are very testifying their use of force.
Baltimore Police are suggesting after his arrest back, he may not have received medical attention.
A surprise.
In fact, from a liability perspective, for the police.
Will hold liable if Gray after -- not arrest.
Pre-arrest,'s "seizure" would be judged by a standard, the Fourth Amendment.
However, courts have limited these "seizures" to seizing the person.
Claims arrest are not covered by the Fourth Amendment.
Are 14th Amendment.
What?
What's the difference between the Fourth and Amendment?
When it comes to potential civil liability.
The applicable burden of proof and a lawsuit depend on which constitutional standard.
Fourth Amendment test is whether the force.
Under the 14th Amendment standard be liable was causing wanton pain and suffering.
A tougher burden for a plaintiff.
Fortunately have ",".
Confused?
Not.
Justice has taken issue with this view.
Other jurisdictions have actually the protections of the Fourth, so minds differ reasonable courts judges,, too.
It's just is not one.
True.
It's a unintentional "" one the courts have.
Based on the law, it seems that if an arrestee is hurt during a "rough ride," liability in Maryland if they contend the injury was caused wantonly or.
Was killed Wednesday in an attack in eastern Afghanistan by an Afghan gunman, a U.S. military official told CNN American a provincial governor.
U.S. defense official didn't provide details about the attack in Jalalabad.
An Afghan police chief told CNN that an Afghan soldier shot at U.S. soldiers at a compound in Jalalabad on Wednesday.
The Afghan soldier opened fire on the troops as they were leaving the compound, said Shirzad, police chief.
Was injured in a subsequent exchange of gunfire, Shirzad said.
It wasn't clear whether the assailant.
A official held a at the erupted, a U.S. Embassy representative said.
The embassy didn't identify but said all personnel had been accounted for after the incident.
U.S.'t motivated the shooting.
Other troops, official said on condition of anonymity.
Those troops belong to the Resolute Support mission support Afghan troops.
The official did not provide the nationalities of Resolute Support troops.
The troops involved. military.
CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen said that despite incident, declining overall for several reasons.
"First fewer US soldiers said
Afghan.
(CNN) and ice cream.
't exactly think of classic food -- cabernet.
But New Belgium Brewery and Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on ice cream -- to be precise.
Ben & Jerry's and New Belgium are collaborating to raise issues, and will be, of,, said.
Both companies have a history of social activism, and the new project will be no different, they say.
The campaign will be all, but Ben & Jerry's Marketing Manager Jay Curley promises it will be "impactful."
"We're fans of Belgium,, and fun and," he said.
're excited developed. "
The companies the beer.
New Belgium and Ben & Jerry's are both "" the non-profit companies that meet its social, environmental and transparency standards.
Other initiatives Ben & Jerry's -- now a subsidiary of -- stays true to its hippie roots with initiatives,, marriage equality and more.
Ben & Jerry's said he'd be open to the idea of a marijuana-infused ice cream someday,.
But sadly for there's no talk.
(CNN), the actress youngest daughter on the '70s "" has died.
She.
Crough passed away at home, the Coroner said.
The "Family".
The group consisted of widowed mom Jones, played by David Cassidy,,, Brian.
Band played by Dave rounded out the cast.
The band hit "" and "" members sang or played.
From.
Crough was raised in Los Angeles,, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
Crough starred in the TV series "Mulligan's Stew" and in.
She appeared in a reunion on the "Today" show in 2010.
"I'm an office manager for,".
"I have two daughters, I'm married, I have a job."
(CNN) daughter and Whitney Houston has "and irreversible brain damage," according to her grandmother.
Though the 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma, she remains, Cissy Houston said in a her.
"the doctors and live in this condition for a lifetime said.
"We trust in God at this time."
A source with knowledge told CNN the same neurological state she has.
She does not respond to visitors or familiar and her eyes do not follow a person around the room, the source told CNN.
She also has a tracheostomy in her throat, the source said.
Days after's,, said his daughter's condition had improved.
"I can say today, Bobbi is awake.
She's watching, Brown told the audience at Dallas'.
Audience.
In a statement Monday, an attorney for the Brown family said Bobbi Brown's condition has improved but the kind of life she will lead.
"Doctors have indicated that she will have a long life," attorney said.
", Bobbi Kristina is rehabilitation process, and her life will be known for years to come."
Who's in the Bobbi Brown case?
Bobby Brown was in an "emotional state" his daughter, according to the statement.
(CNN) pop quiz (can skip)
True, is solar in 4: False () and I'm guessing No.
True.
Test, it might be bad (or little) press.
, It.
About 35,983,125 miles from the sun.
Compare sun.
's closeness to it hard to see.
This reason we think.
Appears to be the brightest in the sky.
Mistaken for an airplane.
Pilot plane Mercury.
Some attention from it's about to get a visitor.
NASA spacecraft () is Mercury.
Before it started orbiting Mercury on March 18.
MESSENGER is out and it will hit the planet's surface mph (per second) April 30.
't be able to see it hit will crash the Mercury away from Earth.
There's no way to save the spacecraft, but operators at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel, Maryland, have been doing what they.
They've left on board to maneuver the spacecraft to keep it in orbit.
They do one final maneuver on Friday, April 24.
"Following this last maneuver will the spacecraft propellant deplete nearly all remaining helium, Daniel said at a media briefing.
"the spacecraft will be fighting the push."
But rather than mourn the loss, scientists held a briefing to celebrate the mission's success.
"For the first time about Mercury shows it to be," said the Science Mission Directorate at NASA Headquarters in Washington.
One of's big: It sent that ice Mercury over an area the size of miles, NASA said.
It also took photos of the planet.
, Scientists say they'll be busy studying.
If you want to see Mercury area dark.
It will be visible in the night sky just before about the end of May.
Your favorite astronomy website have some.
(CNN) Since the murder of American journalist James Foley by ISIS militants eight months ago, the world has been regularly confronted with a modern of an ancient horrifying execution.
Aid workers,, and soldiers now Christians who followed Foley: gruesome beheadings on disseminated propaganda to a global online audience.
These highly ritualized killings have galvanized international opposition --.
But some experts such as psychology professor W. Kruglanski suggest the wave of savage beheadings may be having effect.
Says the spate of jihadist beheadings may be encouraging or threats, target.
Kruglanski, distinguished professor of psychology at the University of Maryland, says the frequent, high profile of ISIS beheadings could "priming" to emulate them,, of conflict.
The attention that commanded ", was unconscious is," he told CNN.
"It comes when conflict react aggressively," he said.
Can under certain circumstances result. "
Reports of beheadings emerge from Saudi Arabia, where it is a legal method under judicial code; and Brazil, where it is criminal.
The global same degree as, in which the threat extended to "disbelievers" around the globe.
A similar effect had been observed with the phenomenon of school shootings, said Kruglanski.
", violent the idea comes more readily to," he said.
Lack of hard data it say such killings are carried out often.
But reports of cases have been making headlines.
In, two victims were decapitated -- in a in China province -- in crimes with no apparent connection to terror.
In London, a the attempted decapitation of 2013, three women were beheaded last year in alleged apparent jihadist motivation.
United States, an Oklahoma man is awaiting trial, accused of beheading.
A recent convert to Islam had posted beheading online.
Not "non-jihadist" beheadings to occupy, beheadings have grabbed's supporters to attack has reverberated worldwide.
To decapitate have allegedly been made in the; recently, behead inspired the murder.
The theme was front and center in an incident in Belgium where fans of football team Standard severed.
"unacceptable."
Beyond this, threats to behead also have gained wider currency among non-jihadists, said Kruglanski.
In the U.S., a man was arrested in January for threatening to decapitate New York,.
Earlier, a threat students.
Broadhurst, a professor of, and justice at the Australian National University said the have engaging attention-seeking of sure get noticed.
"An awareness of shocks' news' clearly" he said.
Threats way may be having a psychologically "brutalizing" effect on society, said Kruglanski, intensifying the violence of actions.
", of conflict," he said.
While beheadings ", would eventually fall out of favor.
While beheading had been adopted by ISIS as their stock in trade, it would inevitably lose its shock value, driving jihadists to ramp up levels of atrocity to continue capturing international attention.
One such escalation occurred in February, when ISIS released a video in which the beheading was abandoned horrors -- pilot al-Kasasbeh in a cage.
ISIS what appeared to be paraded down streets in cages.
For many, a baffling aspect to the executions has been how overweening brutality could win support for ISIS.
While executions people as, Kruglanski said they a "of godlike power."
"We all have this instinctual killing which is sublimated and constrained by civilization and" he said.
"peaceful these drives subconscious on its ability to."
But the "death and violence" -- was a powerful narrative as to jihad "atrocities," he said.
Some had traveled to the the "" had disenchanted, he said.
Others remained.
"In each of us there is this battle of good versus evil," said Kruglanski.
Tehran, Iran (CNN) the mood among many can be two optimistic.
After a nuclear deal was reached between Iran and world powers, many believe a final agreement is possible -- and most relief could be on the horizon.
Gearing up after the restrictions are lifted, people anticipate a boost.
"Naturally we are very happy," one woman in Tehran told us.
"We expect better days economically and culturally.
We want better relations with the world. "
Another man added, "I have a good feeling about it because my country will be the war."
,, Iran as the military held its annual National Army Day.
As its seized power, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani praised the military as the.
"is the source of national stability," Rouhani said in his speech at the parade.
"source of security and stability in the entire region."
The country's top military brass seemed surprisingly willing to speak with media outlets.
Hassan Firouzabadi, the Chief of Staff of Iran to Rouhani, told Iran can work closer together to fight ISIS.
"The unity of all human beings and their freedom dictates that all human society is threatened, should unite against," Firouzabadi said.
Firouzabadi repeated's claim that the U.S. is partly responsible for creating ISIS, which now controls large parts of Iraq and Syria.
"If create ISIS, it is possible for them," he said.
We have intelligence from the U.S. and Britain.
,, U.S. and UK ISIS. "
Iran has dismissed the campaign as ineffective, praising its strategy of training,, the military.
A top military official said that the animosity between Iran and America.
"At the moment, we consider the United States to be a threat to us because its policies and actions are threatening us," General Ahmad Pourdastan, commander of ground forces, told CNN.
"We would like the U.S. to change its tone of trust in U.S."
"We trust the people, but the tone of military the U.S. a threat."
At the same time, Iran's leadership is showing no sign of toning down fiery rhetoric -- and "to to." at the military.
Of Iran's support in the fight against ISIS, says at this point there is no basis for deeper cooperation on the battlefield.
For Iran's part, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has the.
Though many Iranians have high hopes for the interim deal, Tehran.
In a recent televised speech, Khamenei said it was possible there would be no deal by --.
And Iran brass has rejected the notion that nuclear inspectors would get access.
Meanwhile, the White House has been largely hostile to the negotiations, making the case that a deal about verification.
"Our main concern is making sure if Iran doesn't abide by its agreement, U.S. President Barack Obama said Friday.
"concern.
Possibility of back forceful sanctions in the event met.
So far none of this has threatened to derail nuclear talks set to resume this week.
(CNN) It seems to be the.
It isn't.
As Baltimore reacted to the death of Freddie Gray last week from a spinal cord injury in police custody, Major League Baseball.
Saturday's Red Sox innings in Camden Yards, with fans glued to their seats.
Boston fans feel at home in a urban park to the of stadiums feel because of it based on Boston.
Boston faithful being in the city to watch.
When the Orioles pulled out their seats.
Had been Baltimore. "
Baltimore peaceful, the and Baltimore not had much to do with baseball.
As the Baltimore native take the viral that the Oriole's stand.
Monday's game against the White Sox: postponed before.
White Sox postponed.
MLB is not without precedent.
In 1967, riots forced the Tigers and Baltimore,.
After the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr., MLB postponed games out of fear of mob violence.
In in the Rodney King, the Los Angeles Dodgers postponed games.
The entire league in the wake of the September 11, 2001.
Politics sports all the time.
From the demonstrations against the summer's World Cup to the massacre of protesting students days before, sports knows that within the larger.
Teams -- the stadiums and make the draw) is supposed to create community,.
Cheering for the home team is supposed to create a sense of belonging.
"It's interesting that I have not yet heard anyone say that," Daniel, professor of American "".
"People say that 9 / 11.
This is not --.
Serious and.
Painful. "
What happens next.
The Orioles play on Wednesday no one will be invited.
In baseball, the public is not invited to the final game of the series, the in accordance with the curfew imposed.
In the United States,, have fan-less games.
Without fans, does anything?
When the new Camden, people heralded the return of old-time in city.
Are residents the?
In a recent episode of "Real Sports," Chris delivered a diatribe that less than 10% of baseball fans are black.
"Giants won without any black team
Team.
None.
How could be black
Rock's thesis?
That baseball's sense by Camden Yards does not sit well with Americans, whose memories of the old days are anything but.
To his credit, President John son of majority owner, took to Twitter not on games, but on the "unfairly impoverished population an living at the butt of surveillance."
America continues to grapple with black lives, it is clear that the sports.
(CNN) A destination for Sicily is for thousands of migrants from's Mediterranean coast.
More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya alone, according to the.
Sea are nothing new in the waters between North Africa; people have been arriving for more than a decade.
But influx numbers the,, Gadhafi also controlled the flow of migrant.
In 2008, the-then Prime Minister Gadhafi in Italy promised Libyan infrastructure as a "spigot" of migrants.
State visit in 2010 threatened "" if Libya enjoy the European Union.
, Gadhafi kept arrivals drastically.
For a time, all migrant came from Tunisia from the Italian island of Lampedusa.
Because Italy sent those not back to Tunisia, eventually tapered off.
And once Tunisian government was in place, after the Arab Spring, Italy signed an accord in which they promised to help's ports.
But migrants International Organization for Migration (IOM) in Rome told than the coast.
In October 2013, a in -- including an its the -- died in their smugglers' boat sank, Italy decided it had to act.
In 2013, the Italian Navy search-and-rescue program rescue migrants.
In just one year, the program rescued more than 160,000 migrants, according to the Italian Navy.
Due to criticism was encouraging migrants to head across the Mediterranean, the mission ended in October 2014.
By the end of the year, 174,000 people had been rescued in Italy; an estimated people died making the journey,.
In November, the European Union's border control, Frontex mission Mare Nostrum.
Or surveillance equipment rely on European states to lend ships a at is involved in's operations off southern Europe.
Italy U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres warned that governments were making "."
"reaction in which record numbers of people are fleeing," Guterres told policy.
Immigration management are for any country but designed in not collateral. "
Once migrants arrive in Italy, they are supposed to be processed for granted or denied, but the arrivals.
By law, Italy has to take care of arrivals staying in the country,, meaning migrants can come and go as they please.
With no border controls between Italy and other countries, they.
Moutassem Yazbek, 27, who worked arrived in Sicily in December smuggler.
CNN fingerprinted in Italy, eventually made it to Germany where he is to learn and find work.
He says trafficking machine
"I would have done anything to get here," Yazbek said.
"the the bad treatment and fear.
CNN) the camera.
Was photographer James the attack had taken less than two minutes.
It was the morning after a night of unrest in Johannesburg's looted.
Sithole was walking when four him.
Sithole pleaded for mercy, but it was too late.
The stabbed knives, in.
Oatway had captured on his camera.
"They looked like hardened thugs,, the way they moved, their faces".
"They wanted.
They wanted blood and nothing was going to stop them. "
Oatway says he tried to get as close as possible the attackers.
"attack was 20, but" he said.
Did they leave. "
The attackers did move on and leave alone.
Oatway and fellow journalist Tromp in him to a hospital, where he later died.
"I remember him looking straight into my eyes".
"He had a a shocked face."
Of South Africa, neighbor: attack brings SA shame "
South Africa continues.
People killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence from South.
Xenophobic attacks: How did we get here?
Local media attacks were a consequence of Zulu King Zwelithini reportedly saying at a gathering that foreigners "".
After his reported comments, violence against immigrants erupted in Durban.
On said called for a war on immigrants
"This war to protect everyone of foreign origin in this country country."
The United Nations said the attacks in a dispute workers.
As misses it was Oatway's photos on have situation -- and South leaders to take notice.
"Terrible picture.
"said about the televised news conference.
And what about? "
've arrested all four suspects overnight Tuesday -- with Oatway is little solace for the captured rarely seen.
"I'm sickened by it,".
West of Baghdad, Iraq () he described his situation.
ISIS militants might be just hours away from the key Iraqi city of Ramadi.
Fierce fighting has engulfed (113 kilometers) west of the capital of Anbar province, Iraq.
The deputy head of the Provincial Council told CNN inside the city how government front lines.
The politician said armed.
"collapsing rapidly in the city," government for reinforcements and against ISIS for support.
He stressed security to the city.
"is Baghdad told CNN referring to the Iraqi capital.
"Where is Baghdad?
Is al-Abadi? "
His the day after Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi met with the.
"Just Allah knows if we will survive this," Essawi said.
Anbar 10 Iraqi forces were killed and more than 100 wounded in fighting against ISIS on Wednesday.
In Ramadi despite months of forces in the city.
ISIS fighters have Ramadi under pressure from.
Essawi said militants made advances Wednesday in Ramadi:,, to central Ramadi.
Later, militants center of Ramadi.
, Control areas north of Ramadi.
Routes south of the city taken months ago.
That leaves the west of Ramadi in the hands of government forces, but those are under threat,.
The fighting has driven a steady stream out of the city.
On Wednesday could carts to flee.
People fleeing the areas where ISIS was east of Ramadi.
At least 150,000 people fled city, according to.
A CNN met with families that had fled an ISIS assault in the Albu Ghanem area.
Families said Iraqi and military forces from Albu Ghanem battle over the area quickly.
One fleeing Albu Ghanem resident, paused to talk to CNN as he walked east toward Baghdad crossing the Euphrates River.
He said ISIS militants had entered his house and set up on his roof.
Abu Ahmed said his wife and children walked away from things.
His family left everything behind.
His family was using,.
The fighters' takeover of in.
Ramadi has seen persistent fighting for months.
ISIS parts of the city a deadly war.
The U.S. military has carried out airstrikes near Ramadi in recent weeks.
"has Ramadi, and there have been airstrikes in Ramadi since Monday," Col. Thomas,, said on Wednesday.
He stressed that Ramadi remains contested.
Another official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, told CNN that Ramadi is "imminent."
Sizable parts under ISIS control or influence, has been a target of a that official said.
CNN Alkhshali reported from from.
(CNN) On Tuesday, a police officer in Charleston, South Carolina, was charged with shooting an unarmed black man.
Officer Michael Slager was arrested after raw video surfaced showing him firing at Walter Scott from a traffic stop.
That he allegedly took his gun during a scuffle.
That has opened an investigation into the shooting death, Carolina.
Now, after watching the footage — which should remain in memory for a long time to come — one could say that dog.
Then not treated badly.
But was shot.
Documented evidence of what occurred and for fabrications.
Most police fatal shootings in they are justifiable.
Police officer can always on the suspect he shot to death,, Scott's body and some his life was in danger.
"bring Mr. Scott back, like today can than just what happened with Mr. Scott.
Doesn't happen all the time, said attorney at press conference.
"I think bad cops, there are bad ones out there.
I want to see shot got shot "of the victim
"What if there was no video?
If there was no witness,,
Then this wouldn't have happened as you can see, reports stated.
That Mr. Scott attacked him and his it him.
Somebody was watching, Stewart added.
"After watching the video, the senseless shooting of WalterScott's life and,".
My heart for the family and North community.
Will be. "
Although the community have been aware for years of the problem, the data confirm that police use of deadly force is a black and white issue.
Analysis of police shootings from 2010 to 2012 found that young black males are 21 times more likely to be fatally shot by police than white males.
And 67% of killed black.
Of whites who are killed by cops, 91% are killed by white cops.
Sixty-eight percent of police killed by white officers.
% of police shootings are black and% of people killed are black.
According to Lee of Washington University Law School, the disproportionate representation of blacks and other people of color in police shootings is due to the role of racial stereotypes by police.
Racial stereotypes,, subconsciously influence an officer's decision on whether the race.
A posed to a black person could be perceived as a threat to the officer.
More State University force involving black suspects, suggesting "."
Scott is the latest in a long line of black bodies in Ferguson, Missouri and Eric,, Tamir Rice.
In this case, the bystander of the cover-up of the crime by difference.
The bogus narrative of cop menacing black thug may have prevailed.
What happened in Charleston the epidemic of police deadly force has died.
And mobilization and consciousness of people across the nation have kept the issue on the front burner.
The taking of black lives by police in America must be addressed, # BlackLivesMatter.
May Walter Scott rest in peace.
The arrest and charging is a that the small victory it in.
(CNN) It was a masterful performance.
I watched in awe on Thursday as surgeon talk Oz surfed a wave of criticism shore.
I should have expected Dr. Oz in of financial gain. "
Thanks his, he may have boosted his media empire.
But he's increasingly serving himself at a cost to Hospital.
If Dr. Oz was to, last summer in the wake of his disastrous testimony before a Senate subcommittee.
Ostensibly invited as an expert witness about,, made snake oil salesmen that hoodwinking consumers into a fix for their expanding waistlines.
John Oliver eviscerated Oz on his hit show "Last Week Tonight."
's now garnered over 6 million, Oz "" a $9 million fine.
His utter humiliation, Dr. Oz university hospital continuing to stand by him Sony "Dr. Oz".
Senate couldn't, what made this particular 10 doctors think with their recent letter to University, where Dr. Oz holds a tenured professorship in the his duties Hospital?
That Oz.
Is fair play.
And responded with alacrity challengers with an investigative segment that would've made "".
And score me for pointing out's own failings in circulating the letter without looking involved.
It's a simple matter to question motives when takes to highlight Oz GMO, one of his indiscretions.
Dr. Oz has, apparently the rules of his academic medical.
A propensity to spout definitive statements with little to no scientific support his "America Vitamin sun pill" withstand.
Instead of mounting a defense claims he Dr. Oz critics by quickly pivoting to the letter.
Pointed out that several of the letter's GMO shills.
The writers against California GMO labeling and even served time for felony Medicaid fraud.
These characters never stood a chance in against Dr. Oz, nonetheless.
Dr. was able to apparent his program into his straightforward stand '.
The I immediately know whether Columbia physicians.
This've if a slate of colleagues based at his institution were coming out against.
've demand for colleagues made their discomfort public in an op-ed.
Dr. Oz is well-aware that some colleagues question him, discussing tension in his.
He doesn't expect all physicians to understand his approach to health, just about everything,.
The closed physician-only social network questions of Dr. Oz.
Physician attitudes him.
One asked Dr. Oz how he could the.
Another asked how he knows so much about many areas of medicine -- "".
Both show expertise on a topic the way the.
Dr. Oz's show doesn't require --.
Take it that not every physician across America,, has to agree with what Dr. Oz says.
I don't.
Does it?
But not without challenge.
Dr. Oz has used his media megaphone to do harm.
Is University lauded for protecting, Dr. Oz is becoming increasingly.
No longer simply good PR for the University is show.
) A man charged with planning the terror attacks has been released in Pakistan after years of sharp criticism.
Top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba, was released Friday in the Pakistani city of Rawalpindi,, a group with which Lakhvi is affiliated.
Lakhvi was charged in in 2009, accused of masterminding the November 2008 attacks that left 160 people dead in Mumbai, India's most populous city.
Lakhvi still faces trial in the case.
An anti-terrorism court granted Lakhvi bail last year, a Pakistani government said.
Lasted until Thursday, ordered his release, Pakistani GEO News reported.
Lakhvi posted bail million Pakistani, according to.
India, Pakistan's neighbor and rival, condemned's on Friday.
Country's foreign secretary "this perception that Pakistan has a policy with those or India being dealt with differently," said a spokesman for India's Ministry of External Affairs.
The accusation that Pakistan highlights long-running tensions between the two nuclear-armed neighbors,.
Pakistan's Foreign Office responded Friday by saying, "It cast Pakistan Pakistan entered of the terrorism."
The Foreign Office also said was India cooperating, saying it "weakened the prosecution."
In the Mumbai attacks, armed men stormed landmark Mumbai,, the city's historic Victoria Terminus station and center.
India executed the surviving gunman from the attacks in 2012.
Other suspects were all killed during the series of attacks, which went on for three days.
(CNN) A woman recording police activity said when a walked toward her of her it.
The incident with a camera across the street.
Paez filed a complaint with police,.
However, the police.
Paez is considering a lawsuit.
Was when she noticed what looked like up the street.
On the sidewalk recording her phone.
The woman said marshals asked her to stop recording but to do so.
The second woman who was on the interaction between who Paez said told her to stop.
You, "
Right to be here. "
Paez said she from the center of the police.
Video, in her.
"I was terrified.
, She said.
As he then the phone from.
Paez said he stomped then kicked it away.
It is unclear what happened to the video.
The U.S.
Marshals said it is reviewing the incident.
Janice Hahn, the representative for's district, told CNN's "Erin Burnett OutFront" that she had written a letter to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder.
Said she wants a federal investigation into the actions of the officer.
Former general Buhari, in the Nigerian elections a moment.
Buhari 30 years ago was Nigeria's military leader to.
Swath the peaceful transition of power from President Goodluck Jonathan to President Buhari is the first of its kind in history.
And the fact ran on suggests Nigerians have finally had enough of the elites.
For too their country wealth.
The corruption has to be cut out.
I visited Nigeria and found country.
Abuja, the capital city, is where stand.
The treacherous; houses compounds covered in barbed wire.
It's a place where poor children rise sift through trash for food is side.
Yet thanks to's, there is tremendous wealth.
When you don't simply soil and sell it, a kind of crony in who.
Graft trickles down through the system through family, through patronage and through shady businessmen.
The richest off the of the and swaths become the crime.
For a while, that brought stability to the government.
But upon oil barrel price collapsed below $50 a barrel.
Lacking funds, the government promise had to start thinking about serious economic development.
One was massive power promised to take a broken state and businessmen.
The problem investment didn't come left power and the government's of betrayal.
The problem with the rise of.
Nigeria comfortable nation state it's composed of two religions.
The south is dominated by Christians, Muslims.
The north has Boko Haram, which translates as "Western."
That Boko Haram's major target,, war much have generally been.
Failure to deal with this has entirely been strategic.
Administrations to fight terror.
In 2010, the $470 million contract to provide security in Abuja.
Few of were installed yet paid.
And soldiers report being poorly equipped.
The government is thought to have resorted to arms on, -- although hard in Nigeria as on).
While the government proved capable of providing areas.
And Jonathan benefited from the in Muslim centers, the more vote for Buhari.
For to win large numbers of votes in Christian areas -- and, again, Western prejudice is challenged.
The candidate in Nigeria does not represent the victory, as we have so often been told by those skeptical of the of the world.
Buhari is in Nigerian army relatively well respected.
He ran the country in the early 1980s along dictatorial lines,.
But he also ran a War Against Indiscipline in power late, and some politicians and business on charges of corruption.
Buhari coup, he left office.
Now tackle Boko Haram.
Army properly,, and able to drive fundamentalists.
Buhari has his critics,.
Won this because with a people years of misrule.
(CNN) to of Mars scientists say new research seems to support the theory that bone-dry red could be salty at night.
Experts have of salt detected in Martian pull water from planet's night keep despite.
Researchers aren't saying they've seen direct evidence of brine Martian.
But new study -- based on year of temperature by the Mars Curiosity rover in Gale Crater -- does seem to bear out.
"is the least likely places on Mars for brines to form, compared said Arizona.
NASA scientist '"So could form longer locations Mars appear formed by water, he said.
Mars an's, Curiosity has found ancient streambeds and the planet.
That has lost Mars inhospitable.
The study doesn't on Mars.
Researchers say the temperatures they measured are scarce "terrestrial organisms" fans.
But scientists say water at the planet's poles and toward keeps them hoping.
"water Mars exploration said
"said," the possibility Mars has implications for habitability and processes. "
In other words, we.
(CNN) North Korea is.
According to a Wall Street Journal report, the United States have as many.
While that number is only part of.
The the assessment of North Korea's nuclear capability is not the actual number of warheads, but, as this a's.
True, reported Chinese estimate of 20 warheads nuclear arsenal. "
However not larger than open estimates of 10 warheads by other experts.
From instead the prediction that North Korea could be in a position to double its arsenal by next year with weapons-grade uranium.
If that is correct and can its nuclear stockpile of warheads, then the plutonium program quarter would seem trivial.
After all, might out maybe a of plutonium annually.
Could.
Why?
For a start, it would mean that North Korea's activities meet the definition of a nuclear weapons program, with the large supply buried in North Korea's mines.
While Yongbyon has the spin in a profile, meaning North Korea,,.
Washington have tended to have a policy that leans toward downplaying North Korean threats when there isn't a full-fledged.
For the North Korea until the country put a satellite into orbit.
Up until 2006 would a nuclear test.
Estimates we have downplayed the threat North Korea poses once again.
Thursday's report isn't the only information we have had.
Just as concerning is the NORAD commander's assessment on North Korea's missile capabilities.
On April 7 said during a press briefing that the Defense Department's KN-08 intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) is a warhead.
This statement is troubling for two reasons.
First's, combined with the latest Chinese assessment that North Korea now not only has nuclear weapons, but the ability to miniaturize such weapons could be a missile with mainland.
And just as importantly, Pyongyang capabilities could state deterrence that currently exists on the Korean Peninsula.
Put simply, these capabilities could give North Korea is immune from U.S. counterstrikes.
(CNN) Novak Djokovic extended his in the rain-interrupted.
The Serbian world number one didn't his away skies on.
Tight Djokovic edged a tight first set second after the Czech seed took advantage of and came back.
But Djokovic broke third set lead.
Berdych Djokovic served out for the title.
"a match, said Djokovic after winning his 52nd his second.
"played a great match and," he added.
"It was a good final but."
Djokovic Berdych's third in a final.
"What can I say?
Novak had excellent week, he said.
I tried my best but not enough today.
I'm that step but I'm going to work to raise my game that little bit.
Back year go "."
Strong start has been a year for Djokovic.
After winning the back in Djokovic Masters Indian.
He then beat Nadal, arguably the greatest clay, in the finals.
New state issued following dramatic spike for emergencies.
Gov.
Andrew Cuomo said Friday that more than 160 patients in nine have been rushed to hospitals across the state for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid, known as "spice" or. "
"" synthetic drugs are often marketed as material coated with chemicals that are supposed to mimic the effects of marijuana, according to a statement from the governor's office.
Compounds contained in synthetic cannabinoid products change frequently, it's often impossible for users to know what they are putting in their body, New York State said.
Symptoms after use range from confusion to seizures and loss of consciousness, according to the New York State Department of Health.
Synthetic marijuana is popular among teens marketed as natural products "" the department said.
"Young people may be fooled into thinking that these substances are safe, but they are not," Alcohol and Substance Abuse s Commissioner said.
"are dangerous and can have significant, long-term effects."
The surge is not isolated; states.
Alabama Department of Public Health issued a statement acknowledging a rise of synthetic marijuana and said there suspected be in the month.
County alone has seen seven cases so far said.
Mississippi health officials are on the rise.
) sentenced the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood, Mohamed Badie, to death,.
Sentences appealed.
The sentenced defendants to life in prison on charges of plotting terrorist attacks.
They faced charges "" -- a Cairo security personnel -- and spreading "false information" to Egypt.
They arrested supporters of former President Mohamed Morsy,, Egyptians.
One sentenced to life in prison was Mohamad a 27-year-old U.S.-Egyptian activist.
He has been languishing in Cairo's Tora Prison, where he has been on hunger strike for more than 14 months.
The State Department released a statement condemning Soltan's sentence and calling for his release on humanitarian grounds.
Presiding judge Soltan Mohamed Shehata, who is known for his harsh verdicts.
Shehata has sentenced people to death judge in a high-profile.
Been sentenced to death on conviction related to attack on police.
He has also been sentenced to life in prison during 2013's unrest.
Egyptian news outlet reported that death overturned Egypt disapproved of the.
During the unrest, hundreds of people police camps set up by protesting supporters opened fire on backers government.
The government accused the protesters of inciting violence.
After the coup, the Muslim Brotherhood.
Was arrested, he too faces trial.
's sister,, is anxious about what the future holds for her family.
She wrote a letter to her brother expressing her feelings.
"Dear Mohamed," the letter read
I'm asked why, and how, you've kept up your hunger 14 months now for you.
I watched your body frame has withered down to its bones.
"Your face,, now permanently in pain.
And I can do to people that's have to hold on to -- now more than ever, your sentencing. "
(CNN) say of police-involved assaults on unarmed African-Americans are unlikely to end soon.
That's partly because police brutality is neither a moment. "
We have not the resolve needed to end it.
A reality to reverse a national crisis.
The peaceful protests of violence in Baltimore have underscored the --.
The violent response of police officers to unarmed African-Americans is a decades-long phenomenon that has often been dismissed as "race" and grievance.
But from Ferguson to,, are part of has created community.
What makes now different?
The advent of social media has for the first time allowed average citizens to document police brutality routinely and to disseminate these images nationally.
A to police brutality against unarmed African-Americans.
To unrelenting wave of national crisis is not an exaggeration -- the confidence of a people in the credibility of system.
A true democracy the confidence of its citizens bedrock.
The loss of confidence threatens the very foundation of our system.
How do we face this crisis?
We must recognize that there are no quick fixes.
Of policing.
Policing is a job passed down through families in which law enforcement norms and narratives are shared around the the.
To that culture will require vigorous, targeted and consistent training.
Training must bias, encounters with and de-escalate members,.
Must accountability for officers fail.
President Obama is right when that,, is.
That limited.
And.
How?
By federal funds with federal standards.
While the Department of Justice provides more than $1 billion annually to police departments across the country, are free from that training measures an.
That.
The Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department funded to investigate any police departments in a pattern of discrimination.
Investigations under Attorney General police departments is woefully inadequate.
Reported that nearly the department has resulted in practice.
Such as Cincinnati, where the departments negotiate police practices, are promising.
$million investigations nationwide is a shameful pittance.
Much has been made of rogue police, system.
They undoubtedly.
Local leadership,, where appropriate, remove officers from police forces around bad apples.
There must be zero tolerance for racism, brutality and corruption in police departments.
Making change require law enforcement badge over the unquestioning solidarity that has often resulted of officers who have committed egregious acts.
Until officers come to oath to serve, we are unlikely to see decrease of racially motivated police brutality.
Opportunity to rethink policing who to recruit to serve.
Hamm, for example, told me he recruits desire to.
That thinking reflects a,, rather than of service.
Is right policing is, at its core, a profession.
Those we select for this dangerous job should not only demonstrate toughness,, but integrity, empathy and commitment to the communities they serve.
A national response that means law enforcement must honestly and aggressively end.
(CNN) The cast of "The Breakfast Crew" from Principal a draft of the 1985 teen classic has just a filing cabinet in the school district where it was filmed, the Chicago Tribune reported.
"One day a few weeks ago, one of the assistants was going through a filing cabinet and found a manuscript from 'The 1983," Ken Wallace told.
"a draft of the screenplay,".
Sports the district's then-superintendent Molly Ringwald's character,, to be Cathy Douglas, according to the Tribune.
The at Maine North High School building, the district ago occupied by the Illinois State Police, according to the Tribune.
The file was discovered at South as to move to building.
Wallace told the Tribune that he display as film -- and district history.
"an iconic movie told.
(Python movie?
What a silly idea.
But the timing was right of British comedians () the big screen after "Monty Python," their groundbreaking series
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail," 40 years ago Thursday,.
The movie, a spoof of Arthurian legend, did.
The budget was small -- about $400,000 of stars, and.
The the, the camera broke.
The weather was bad.
The hotel was.
Python was suffering.
It got better.
On its first American screening, were 8 a.m.
Thanks to the popularity of "" on, the movie was a box-office hit more than 10 times.
, It soon became a comedy classic.
The quoted The Simpsons, The Blacklist "
Python Eric Idle turned the film into the Tony-winning play "."
Three -- well, four, if you count "And," if you include "the Bowl," if you allow "The,"...
We say three.
Is there best?
Where?
Down: From its dramatic opening credits to the adventures of "of"), heart "" is probably and of Python.
With a nonsense, it falls short -- of's gags, it remains perhaps the best (and most).
"."
'is a bit like' A Hard Day's Night '"Idle
It's joie de vivre that's hard to like. "
Dialogue.
The Knight.
Ni. "
It's.
Doesn't really.
Of.
Probably's most movie, "" from Jesus hailed as a messiah.
A satire on organized religion "" and telling protesters.
The film the United States by some and banned in Norway.
Sweden promoted it with the line "film that it was banned.")
One supporter:, who mortgaged his estate to fund the movie when a pulled out.
"He paid for it because he wanted to see it,".
The most's cinema. "
:.
"?"
The Side.
The ultimately animated-alien scene.
Michael Palin's lisping (, broad you can laugh).
Verdict: Funnier than the
"," as a series of is the most uneven of the three narrative films.
The The Crimson the its footing.
Pythons thought.
"The rhythms weren't right," said.
"whole rewrite,".
It has: the "Every Is" sequence the organ's surprised -- a meal,, and encouraged after-dinner.
"Galaxy," the Bright Side. "
Conclusion Creosote.
: "
Mr..
Galaxy.
The fish.
The sex.
The.
(CNN) Amy Schumer seems to be single-handedly this week everyone.
And she's off to a good start.
The took a fake tumble on the red carpet Tuesday at the York -- in front of fellow Kanye West and Kim Kardashian, who stepped as down the line.
The stunt drew and onlookers Kanye -- upstaged -- looked.
"and I asked, in front? '
'I,' Schumer told People.
The prank came third season "Inside Amy Schumer" premiered on Comedy Central.
The episode won its "" obsession with a female body part and a "Friday Night Lights" in which's "no raping" policy.
And it night '"Late Show" David Letterman red-faced lifted her, "."
Letterman who "something now" chortling audience "didn't?"
-- who two graced the cover, hosted the MTV Movie Awards her was is having a moment.
"They!
(celebrity.)
Schumer told People about her red carpet.
(CNN) Tuesday, April 14 is Equal Pay Day.
Here Clinton women earn on average 77 cents for every dollar men earn.
And the gap for women of color.
's unconscionable.
As president, my top priority will be fixing inequality% of worth.
So I'm president, I will take a pay cut,, with women in America.
And won't take until every woman in America gets a raise, too. "
April 14 wasn't chosen Equal Pay Day.
It's a calculation: For women to make the same amount of money, they have to work until 14.
A woman loses $431,000 in pay over a 40-year career.
Closing the wage gap would out of poverty.
A time for business and the rich economy, closing gap put money in the pockets of working people who and real.
New women warriors: Reviving the fight for here's the perfect opportunity for Hillary Clinton to put her money where her mouth is, literally.
In her campaign launch personal, Clinton is trying to portray herself as a woman of the people, a fighter for the middle class.
"Everyday Americans need a champion," Clinton said in, "and I want to be that champion."
Clinton has deftly put her finger in the and populism blowing.
Indeed, the fact that many clamor for a pro-Wall Street, Warren-like alternative to Clinton in the blooming Clinton.
Opinion of Pay Day her video Clinton has clear desire and candidacy in the soil of populism.
A the of Walmart the House collects speaking fees and doesn't own a pair the of?
This is where a political stunt.
About, I'm recommending a political stunt.
A.
Hillary Clinton is a very rich person.
The person president wealth of is an obstacle in her candidacy.
The $and the cents-on-the-dollar of that,, is a drop at this point.
And yet.
What Clinton that America salaries women%
The dollar gender gap emails, counterparts.
What more powerful message could the potential first female president send than signifying that nationwide inequity in?
Clinton be the working women of America,.
Is it than exactly the same?
Yes.
And that use her status to highlight the gap and,, would do.
Yes, such stunts are trite and theatrical.
In our increasingly short-attention-span it-only-happened-if-you-can-tweet it, culture.
Politics used to be about clunky people ().
's about polished memes and more polished candidates.
) still matters, to debate a candidate's "image". "
The truth is that theatrics are part and parcel of politics,.
That in highlighting problems and solutions.
Map: the pay gap Clinton did an brilliant thing, framing her video and presidential bid as about people.
In the video until the end -- about Americans working hard, trying to get ahead.
See Hillary, help.
Hillary Clinton can't change who she is, baggage and the left,.
She can change what she does shows not for the status quo establishment -- but for Americans.
If Clinton wins will be historic.
(CNN), the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups have "" the gap.
Clinton's presidential.
's doubt center on women voters, and's centers on pay.
Here's the thing: That 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated.
's averages -- comparing full-time working women with men doesn't control for factors that go into determining salary,, the workforce and time, to name a few.
Control a smaller wage gap the discrimination but also is a as not negotiating as often as men -- factors simply can't control.
New women warriors fight for equal rights frequently reference my own experience as a working mom as an example of someone who made the "mistake" but pursued a career in the political world -- not exactly a winning combination if is.
Fact the workplace earning as high as male counterparts.
: Why conservatives -- and by extension Republicans -- ought to be paying attention to Equal Pay Day.
Because midterm election that "war" was over.
That Democrats overplayed their hand and that as Colorado's.
In some respects, Republicans.
Voters choose policy gendered rhetoric, and in many ways they "war on women" narrative.
About the gender women voters are valuable and Democrats aren't ready to surrender.
A gender gap in Democrats' favor.
: The "war on women" hasn't been off -- it's shifted gears.
With election season revving up the "war on women" focus Democrats will claim women are not given the paid leave they deserve and the support.
Many fear if they try on the of they will be skewered in the polls.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
Is the Forum on the issue of the wage gap, and that not surprisingly the progressive in favor close the gap -- support the bill but not support.
In short, silent on the issue, the potential to win not.
It's tempting on as Republicans want to lie to ignore the and it.
But conservatives can do.
(CNN) after one of the longest in NBA history.
Playing for Boston Celtics, was looking forward to getting back to the hardwood.
That was until a routine physical stopped him in his tracks.
Physical revealed he had an aneurysm valve of his heart.
"I was,.
I had shortness of breath. "
Green had to.
"Leading he said.
"I couldn't run.
I couldn't basketball.
't get, it was tough. "
As learned doctors open his chest to he considered the possibility he may never play basketball again.
"The first couple of weeks after I was told, I focused on" said the basketball player.
"I wanted to make sure if I wanted to, I was able to come back and play the way I did."
If that opportunity wasn't there, Green wanted to have a backup plan.
So, he back to his college Georgetown, finished his.
Green's basketball career,.
He missed the 2011-2012 season.
"I didn't watch basketball," he said
Six the was the first on court. "
It was with the Hoyas where Green laid back down the game his regaining.
"The timing was off," he said.
"I wasn't getting being in shape and being able to function on the floor."
Green believes the surgery and road back have a new meaning in his life.
"I those days I could walk for five minutes," he said.
"Now I every game like my last."
"I feel like the year really added more," he explained.
Life'm'm more grateful for it. "
Green's now using his story to raise awareness of hidden heart risk.
Beijing (CNN) Amid tight security, a Chinese court convicted veteran Gao for secrets and sentenced her to seven years in prison.
Gao, 71, would appeal lawyer Mo told.
After a closed trial last November, the No.
Intermediate People's Gao authorities' apparent hesitation lead to her acquittal.
"conviction is based on a that" said.
"judgment that doesn't respect evidence."
The government accused Gao of disclosing a "No.
9 issued by the Party in 2013 to Chinese-language news organization lawyer.
The document revealed the Party's battle plan advocates, banning on topics ranging from press freedom.
"defense charges in China, anything Party or government to label secrets treated" said Bequelin,.
"Her sentencing is in line with the very stern approach Xi taken on dissent, information" he added.
Beijing police detained Gao in late April last year -- the -- CCTV aired her "confession" on television.
Expressing "deep remorse" in the Gao she "behavior interests and violated the law."
Lawyer said had extracted the released knowledge.
Publicly denied that Gao was.
An outspoken freedom advocate began her career as a reporter for the China News Service in 1979 and,, writing for overseas publications.
She was arrested after the Tiananmen Square protests in 1989 and released more than a year later.
She was imprisoned for another six years for leaking the government has disclosed details.
Since Xi took over two years ago, his government has jailed hundreds of activists despite international concern.
"We are crackdowns on human rights activists," said Bequelin of Amnesty International
(It's not just Asia.
're becoming more near-sighted.
Near-sightedness, or myopia, those.
The rates have in most of Asia.
, Taiwan rates in 80%.
In South Korea, rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from to 96% myopia.
It's rates of myopia are rising in the United States
It's% the clinical American Academy of Ophthalmology.
Reducing is easy, and:.
Sometimes, though, are.
Asians has triggered cultural questions about why so many young people develop vision problems.
Many that, or staring at your phone caused short-sightedness.
The usual that young people spend too much time glued to their screens.
Researchers a
"If children study.
't become myopic, ", researcher at Australian National University.
Researchers say sunlight their development while their eyeballs are growing.
How sunlight protects their eyes are not clearly understood.
One that sunlight the release the the condition.
Simple.
Kids "spend time have (from) schools and relax a bit," said professor at the National University of Singapore.
But studying and play time are often at odds with each other.
In Asian cultures where there is emphasis on education, said than done.
"The problem parents are going to let kids," said Dr..
"There's a limit to how many hours kids can go outside."
There have been attempts to protect children's eyesight.
In China, students have its education ministry perform eye exercises.
Since 1963, students sit and massage their eyes through system.
Despite eye exercises, rates of myopia in China have soared, according to studies.
"China has's only eye exercises working well,".
Experts in.
Myopia inconvenience.
People with glasses, contact lenses and even eye surgery.
But researchers say there are rates of myopia among young people.
In, 82% of 20-year-olds are myopic.
By the time young adults hit their 60s, vision problems are likely.
"older and epidemic in older adults," said head of the myopia unit at the Singapore Eye Research Institute.
Become severe eye disorders such as high myopia, glaucoma (damage), cataracts (clouding).
These conditions lead to vision loss and blindness.
To the parents researchers are experimenting to help students get exposure to sunlight.
One of the underway "" the school ceilings are made of plastic light.
Hundreds of students attend school.
"a potential to increase light of preventing myopia education,".
Researchers want to measure the rates "" in traditional classes.
Building schools costs money --.
But researchers say.
In one Taiwanese study, students time.
In that study, sunlight by the school.
Children in school became nearsighted't follow.
Clinton's announcement went online social media in a big way ",".
Far tweeted her announcement, without one hour,.
(CNN) A mammoth wave of darkens the sky over Everest Base Camp.
A white mushroom roaring over, scurry flap the wind.
Then hits.
"Whoa!
Whoa! "
Screams and are heard.
Into a tent as the deluge falls over them.
And breathing heavily, they wait until the pounding is over.
After a while, they scream to each other, "Are you all right?"
"Are you OK?"
The camera jostles as German climber heaves.
Nearly dead in they finally avalanche, their faces scarlet.
Dazed and shocked
"The ground was earthquake as were lives" in video.
The harrowing clip shows the scale of the avalanche that smashed Saturday.
At least 17 people have been killed, dozens injured and several missing -- likely buried.
Fates of the part of in Nepal quake claimed the lives of 4,300 people.
At least 8,000 people suffered injuries.
Helicopters brought climbers off the mountain Monday amid concern for the groups around () in Camps.
The climbers up Everest have the deadly Base Camp -- estimated to be in the hundreds could descend.
The climbers can down the Khumbu Icefall has been ravaged by a series of aftershocks.
The aftershocks sent snow and rocks down the mountainside, complicating rescue efforts.
Sherpa, who manages the icefall route, estimated that 100 to 200 people were stuck in the higher camps after the avalanche.
",, said Everest was Camp 2.
He said climbers and others up Camp (elevation 19,500 feet) to await.
Was helicoptered down to Camp on Monday.
Witnesses said helicopters rescued climbers and people at a time.
Carsten Pedersen, a climber at, said he heard of helicopters from the Base Camp throughout the morning.
"They land minutes here," Pedersen said.
"people rescued it's probably 200 people this morning.
't be 100 down. "
The helicopter rescue between 9 a.m. and noon.
The rescues are heavily contingent on the weather.
Climber on Everest tweeted that the evacuations were going well.
Down at Base Sherpa said 22 body were transported back to Kathmandu.
On Everest.
In blog recorded from Camp 2, signed this message: ", it's not about mountaineering.
Earth it's a loss of life at Everest at Kathmandu
"It's a massive loss of life."
A member of's team,, who worked on the mountain, was killed, according to family and employer.
Several Everest teams have confirmed deaths.
Five Nepali staff members were killed Camp 1, according.
It did not identify the staffers.
Three Sherpas from the team died, the company posted on its Facebook page.
Names were not revealed.
The casualties include an died after suffering a head injury, Taplin, from California.
"He was blown by the blast in rubble,",, told CNN affiliate.
The dead remains unclear.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors in London, his lawyer in Sweden told CNN.
Has been in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since to avoid extradition to Sweden, where prosecutors want to question him about allegations that he.
According to,, Swedish prosecutors will now have to reach out to British Ecuadorian authorities to request permission to interview.
Prosecutors previously Assange.
However, crimes will be subject to according to a statement from Marianne Ny, the director of public prosecutions.
Ny explained the the Swedish authorities' change of approach.
"the Ecuadorian embassy quality of the interview trial future said.
"This assessment remains unchanged.
The have viewed accept the investigation and interview does not case are Assange being in Sweden. "
The has not been charged and denies.
Assange said extradite him to the United.
In 2012.
Transportation Security Administration have been conspiring to grope attractive men at Denver Airport, police said.
Here's how the: the TSA would alert a female officer.
The female would then tell the screening machine that a female passenger -- not a male -- was walking.
A register groin area, prompting the male TSA officer to pat down the passenger, police said,.
Male used of hands to touch front violates TSA policy
Agent came after an anonymous TSA employee in November.
An investigation, Chris Higgins monitored TSA said report.
Higgins watched the carried out on February 9.
He interviewed the TSA officer who with her colleague 10 other times, police said.
Both TSA officers investigated have been fired Stone told police.
Authorities did not.
Giant security of The TSA called the incident deplorable
"alleged," the agency said in a statement.
"All allegations of misconduct are thoroughly investigated by the agency.
When substantiated, are held accountable. "
But it's unlikely charges will be filed because there is no identifiable victim.
The TSA said it has been trying to identify the passenger in the February incident but to no avail.
Said passengers have come forward with cases at airport.
(CNN) Just before writing this column, I reached into my wallet,, a postage stamp-size certificate issued by the Federal Aviation Administration.
The documents my the DC Special Flight Rules Area, or online course.
The to under highly restricted U.S. airspace.
A over, the SFRA airspace was developed to protect the area after 11 terrorist attacks.
Size of SFRA airspace to give defense time to determine if an, an and if necessary to divert.
Airspeed restriction begins at a 60-mile radius of National Airport.
The 30-mile radius, aircraft must flight to air traffic control via a specific code specific airplane on an air traffic.
Aircraft must enter SFRA specific flight standard aviation.
Aircraft flight rule flight, all operations, are SFRA.
Air traffic control responsibility for the appropriate routing.
As a flight flight with so the authorization through SFRA airspace is the system.
Why do I carry the certificate as pilot?
Through the airspace on a flight rule flight plan.
Pilot who landed the airspace,, carries some penalties which include.
F-16 is.
So how does a flying that looks like a sophisticated lawn chair with helicopter blades restricted,, from Florida landed a aircraft?
An assumption, is as a gyrocopter.
A gyrocopter cannot the the typical helicopter; it requires a ground run.
Most gyrocopters aircraft.
It also appears weigh, which aircraft.
Weight?
Below that weight, or a the aircraft is not required.
In addition,, the maximum airspeed can't exceed 55 knots.
Looking movement of this on radar would a speed probably attainable by the average.
The radar on a is likely.
If it was actually tracked on a radar, may have appeared to be birds.
How much damage could this aircraft have been for nefarious purposes?
If it had been crashed into a building, the building would.
If the to carry, the would be relatively small.
Is carry more than one.
And lack of carry-on space issue.
A review of airspace security isn't, I wouldn't be concerned the threat.
(CNN) Iran will sign a final agreement only if economic sanctions are removed the day of the deal, President Hassan Rouhani said Thursday.
Ayatollah Khamenei, the supreme leader,, told media he is in the proposed deal will become binding because he has "optimistic" a preliminary deal that aims to limit Tehran's nuclear program in exchange for lifting economic sanctions.
United States has stressed that if a final deal is reached with Iran, the removal.
The agreement.
Negotiators from Iran and the United States until June come up with a deal.
Khamenei said he supports not-so-subtle,.
"the Khamenei said Thursday, according to Press TV.
"The other is known its commitments want our country when it comes to the specifics."
Has been hashed out so that the deal will become final, he said, according to Islamic Republic News Agency, can't oppose the deal, when possible ".
Some have asked why hasn't taken a position on the talks,, he said.
Nothing has been done and that.
Neither in favor nor against. "
Any deal "the Iranian," he said will support an agreement that "."
He said he'd rather see the agreement fail than a deal that jeopardizes Iran.
What has happened will neither guarantee the agreement.
It will not completion of the negotiations.
Therefore it is meaningless to congratulate others, he said.
Rouhani said,,
"We will not sign any deal unless its sanctions Iran," Rouhani said at a ceremony to mark.
President Barack Obama faces an uphill battle deal to sanctions on Iran.
U.S. Energy Secretary physicist with Iran, estimated deal to be.
He told CNN's Christiane Amanpour the Iranians will have to.
"The core nuclear must be satisfied provisions give confidence," Moniz said.
He said the "the Iranians" fulfill steps such as reducing stockpiles and operating.
"It will depend on their ability to execute," Moniz said.
Asked during the negotiations -- the immediate lifting. "
The No.
House Republican leader said a bill to ease sanctions does not stand much of a chance in the U.S. House of Representatives or Senate.
"The sanctions -- years ago -- the only way to get rid of them would be for Congress to vote those sanctions," said in a on.
Had that vote.
I don't see that passing out of the House.
't pass out of the Senate right now. "
Diplomats announced last week that they'd come up with the framework for an agreement after of late-night negotiations in Lausanne, Switzerland.
Includes the easing Iran if it takes steps to curb its nuclear program.
Iran would reduce its% and scale back centrifuges, according to the plan.
In exchange, the United States and the European Union would lift sanctions that have crippled the country's economy.
"a deal that meets our objectives," Obama said
"This framework would cut off every pathway Iran could take to develop a nuclear weapon."
It would include strict verification measures to make sure Iran complies, he said.
The United States and Iran have a long history of strained relations, which made the significant.
The two countries.
(CNN) Over the years, we've been close to eradicating worldwide polio without full success.
Medical technology,, could be the key to that goal.
The biggest challenge in polio has involved logistics of getting the vaccine to people who need it,.
The patch, a small round adhesive bring vaccines to the of the people.
By applying down, the vaccine is delivered in a matter of minutes.
Requiring highly trained, trained to door the vaccine.
It Jonas vaccine began April, 1955 that caused polio in the United States over the years.
The, about people disabled because of polio in the U.S. in the 1940s.
In 1938, the National Foundation, an organization known today as fight polio.
Two vaccines -- one created by Salk and Sabin -- that of polio.
Salk vaccine, developed in the 1950s, involved a virus that was "," Sabin -- the weakened.
The Sabin vaccine helped in communities beyond people the virus.
It replace the vaccine 1999 according.
The virus version is given in the United States because of rare instances of people developing polio.
Most people with polio have minor symptoms such as limb pain, and about 4% to 8% of patients, according to the CDC.
Fewer than 1% of patients becoming paralyzed, usually in the legs.
Paralyzed when their muscles become paralyzed, too.
Human beings have been living for thousands of years,, polio the Centers for Disease Control said.
There's evidence from ancient Egypt that paralytic polio existed and.
It wasn't described clinically until 1789.
The United States saw its first polio outbreak in 1894 in Vermont,,.
Became in the early 20th century,.
President Franklin Delano Roosevelt contracted the disease in 1921.
Although no cure was developed, a device was invented to help people with the disease breathe.
The patient would bed inside a cylindrical tank, and the machine helped people breathe again on their own.
In the 1930s --.
The vaccine came.
Polio was eradicated in the United States.
But the vaccination effort.
",, population," said Michael Katz, senior medical director of the March of Dimes.
Children should receive four doses of polio vaccine,, ages 4 to 18 and 6 years, according to the CDC.
Most American adults were vaccinated as children and don't need another.
But people may need if poliovirus specimens or polio.
Polio spreads from person to person through coughing and sneezing --.
Polio in the air,, it can last an hour or two.
, Last
Polio is the next disease eradication said.
The disease that eradicated smallpox.
Like polio, a disease spread from person to person.
No these a disease carry, too (although in vaccines in the mid-20th century,).
A big difference, is smallpox symptoms.
Most people with polio have no symptoms,.
On average, one out of 200 patients experiences paralysis.
For polio, tremendous progress is being made with 95% of children for the most part,, spokesman the WHO said.
But there are still districts where%, which allows the virus to continue circulating.
"The increasingly restricted," Rosenbauer said.
, But trend. "
(CNN) In the funeral a center complex the blighted Baltimore.
Mary Harvin Transformation Center was in a town where vacant and and.
"Disheartened and bewildered" was how Rev.
, Pastor Baptist described feeling Tuesday as he surveyed of rebuilding effort led by his church and coalition.
"I see the hopelessness and the emotions of the people but I see that we can rise from the ashes," he said.
"We rebuild.
Of Baltimore. "
The project was to include about 60 senior citizen center.
The center was families home and,, according to the state.
The blaze investigation.
Ground riots that followed Monday's Gray, who died, a week after Baltimore police arrested him.
Spurred Monday and set ablaze with police -- but Baltimore's clergy said it was spurred by lasting the city.
"We've been trying to, to transform the community discover" said Rev.
Walden Wilson, pastor of the Baltimore's Community Partnership.
"coming," he added.
"Baltimore.
We have unemployment.
A high rate of incarceration. "
High of,, public housing a the Baltimore's crumbling, according to the local church.
"burned we needed, said of the community.
"We were seeking to restore people rebuilt properties.
We change the community rebuild. "
The Rev.
Greater the coalition, parts of Baltimore have not recovered from the 1968 riots that followed the assassination of
Martin Luther King Jr. Those riots sped up the flight of.
Unemployment soared with.
The drug tore the community apart
"The message was our young people" Thomas said.
Recreation centers closed.
New were built, Thomas said.
Millions poured into eluded communities such as Baltimore.
"When you look, when you look at a city they cannot, it creates such an undercurrent of,,," Thomas said.
Thomas recalled downtown Street on Tuesday, near the Inner Harbor, the streets with National Guardsmen and State Police officers.
"downtown and into East Baltimore, see National Guard, he said.
That's a priority to areas of the city has been, the.
What long isolate problems in neighborhoods.
May start neighborhood soon the city's.
Housing and community to open in November.
The are expected to complete other projects affordable housing developments in East Baltimore.
The center is being built by The Woda Group, a housing developer.
, The rebuilding. "
On Tuesday,, the African-American church affiliate reported.
Hickman Thomas and other clergy members on Monday met with gang members in an attempt to stem the street violence.
Thomas said it was the first time took place.
Hickman called it a breakthrough.
"Young people just to sit and talk hear them," said out of.
"This is.
This is emotional.
This.
I don't know what to do.
Iraq.
(CNN) NYPD training materials approved a federal judge could "to racial profiling."
The proposed training materials, overseen by were Court judge Monday.
Directives to "not racial" and ""
"Do not engage in racial profiling," the read.
It is against the law.
It violates.
It violates's policies.
It is offensive.
It violates responsibility.
It diverts us from real criminals.
From people who to do our job.
Of other, but not. "
The training notes also instruct new cadets "not to use groups of people or stereotype them" and "not to imitate speech patterns of racial, ethnic and class groups when communicating appear artificial."
The notes,, are of a federal ruling declaring the New York Police Department's "Stop, Question and Frisk" practice unconstitutional.
The NYPD said the policy -- in which police stop and frisk people they consider suspicious -- was used to deter crime.
The.
"stopped in 2011, though New York Mayor Bill de Blasio.
"The current training materials had not undergone review for some time and did not address important subjects or changes in law, wrote in a letter to Torres.
All parties agreed that the materials be rewritten for the current class to reflect current policy. "
The NYPD collaborated with's in the materials.
They "" said an NYPD spokesperson.
The Patrolmen's Association.
The also provide legal information on proper and detailed procedures for patrolling criminal activity.
Give instructions on how an officer should conduct herself when engaging with the public.
"that a courteous, professional police officer who illustrates the bias helps create a partnership and builds rapport with the people.
"become our allies and, in turn, becomes safer and easier.
Enhances effectiveness and pride "
If approved, the new materials will be current class of cadets.
(My son served.
In Iraq.
Because we love.
We should.
Look at us? "
At the slatted hold family -- nine of them -- get in.
They're squeezed in two other.
On the ground's grandchild is sleeping,.
"There there's food see people just around all over the place," she said.
Muna is from New York.
Among the dozens of Americans caught Yemen.
Other countries evacuated, the United States has said to directly evacuate American nationals.
For weeks, neighboring Saudi Arabia has been conducting airstrikes in Yemen.
To out Houthi, the government grew protests of government.
, Houthis under house arrest before fled.
The have decimated some cities, including Aden, find themselves trapped.
I was up people from.
It was.
We were waiting for someone to say 'OK where are the Americans, let's pick them up,' she said.
"I called the embassy," she adds, referring to the Saudi Arabia.
I families waiting at the port.
My family.
We ran out of money, we ran out of food. "
The State Department said it is too risky to conduct an evacuation of citizens from the area.
"We have to make a decision based on the security situation," State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said.
"Yemen doing evacuation could put U.S. citizen at greater risk"
A the the American-Arab evacuations.
It led to Muna being on ship vessel by port city of Aden, Yemen.
In Aden fighting.
With the Houthi waters of Aden to the south, the city.
It took 30 hours of travel -- a -- to be able to dock.
New couldn't wait to get back.
Our ship was the first the port had seen in a week.
To take back 60 -- at's of arrival.
Of's.
So desperate to leave.
Asked what life was like.
"" she recalls.
It was bombs.
Gunshots.
The street. "
Off into silence.
Here families.
Mothers and fathers.
Daughters and sons.
The first night on board had an air.
Our passengers were sharing at escape.
One woman though was alone on was crying.
She told me her 15-year-old son was trapped on the side of many lines into the city.
They'd waited for 10 days, but neither her son nor her parents could cross over to the port,.
Scared to missing the boat their three children her husband had convinced her to board.
Called to tell her had news for them joined the Houthi forces.
For Muna, her Djibouti Port where Higgins, the U.S. Mission, was among the embassy staff waiting.
Asked Higgins about the of of in Yemen said.
We have the Qaeda that's active.
There's the Houthis -- of these two groups U.S..
To weigh what is safest for help. "
Higgins said ultimately each U.S. citizen is going to have for themselves and their families.
"For U.S. citizens, that's in place.
U.S. citizens, we're working getting to them on for out of Yemen. "
Them, and those here are have some of their citizens safe.
Though of who are still in.
But Americans on ship had counted families waiting who couldn't afford an "/ transport" fee being charged to depart Aden.
In this time of crisis, $300-a-person official ferry boat.
Last month in the name of the kingdom's ambassador described protecting a constitution and elections. "
Protect constitutions and elections rather message of monarchy.
, Saudi motives nothing "".
So what is going on?
The kingdom's motives Saudi consistently combating efforts to build democratic governments that empower the people.
Saudi Arabia voiced its support for the military government of Mohamed policies that aimed to contain the Arab Spring.
The Saudi goal the region that seeks self-determination.
And the "Iran's," meanwhile, appears to be sectarian.
For example,, the Houthis (more accurately as Ansarullah) were not yet receiving help from Iran, them claims.
True, the Ansarullah movement now benefits from Iranian support.
But only from outside sources in the region.
With this in mind, the attack on Yemen can best be described as misguided.
Although the Houthi movement's rhetoric is anti-American, it has not targeted any American.
In fact, when the U.S. packed up in Sanaa in a of at the airport, the Houthis said the in Yemen.
And Houthis interfere with U.S. operations against al Qaeda in the country.
But the miscalculations has adopted Yemen, Saudi ambitions to control Yemen American the safe haven.
The Obama administration appears to have abandoned Saudi.
This when State Department spokesperson endorsed Saudi bombing "concerns about the possible current events in Yemen."
Seems any country "concerned" about its neighbors can bomb precedent.
Yemen success that the U.S. priority in Yemen was not "" to prevent Yemen from becoming a safe-haven for al Qaeda.
Yet if that goal remains in place Saudi war will only undermine the aim of preventing al Qaeda from a safe haven also in Yemen.
Saudi and Gulf Co-operation jets are effectively acting as's air force by bombing the same group that managed several Yemeni regions.
Interestingly, while Saudi Arabia deployed 100 Houthis on the second, it reportedly deployed a mere four in the early campaign against.
Regardless, the results are one way smaller Houthi force was able to the Saudi back in 2009.
Back then, Houthi forces consisted of a few hundred they shocked the Saudi army Saudi equipment forcing the 250 it seized territory.
Today Houthi rebels has a larger group called Ansarullah, modeled after.
Back, the rebels were limited to of region were although Yemen claimed they had minor assistance from the late Moammar Gadhafi.
Despite this, they were able Saudi.
Today, the Ansarullah group is receiving financial support from Iran.
The government was forced has also reportedly suspended the border regions.
Situation.
What should be done?
Saudi interests in Yemen should replace those of the United States.
With this should find an immediate political solution, one that can be embraced by Yemeni factions.
A not only because the Saudi-led war on Yemen is destined to fail, it might the.
Shanghai, China (CNN) When China's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai, models on display will be the.
Gone, show organizers, will scantily-clad "" previous years on car aisles to draw crowds to the 9-day event.
The, the latest from an array of global manufacturers, are pulling out all the stops for customers in what since 2009 has been the world's largest car market.
"It's a major industry for us," said global Rolls Royce.
It sells several of its vehicles in China each its latest model, the Phantom.
Vehicle sales in China totaled 23.5 million units last year, a third more than in the United States.
However, the show comes at a turning point for China's auto market, which is facing a decade-long sales and.
Intense competition for China's drivers means car manufacturers are increasingly developing vehicles that cater to Chinese preferences.
Nissan Auto Shanghai to unveil it says "the rising young generation."
The's have embraced the SUV or sport utility vehicle, a third last year many will feature displays., South Chinese automakers.
For its sleek cars Shanghai Industries Corp enters the fray with its SUV,, will give two luxury -- the the latter favored.
"The SUV is popular as a first car," said Raymond a partner consultancy.
Want commute road.
Foreign brands have dominated sales in the past two years but improve, Geely, which also Volvo Motor are clawing back market share especially when it comes to SUVs.
Geely, Russia, is stepping up its developed markets.
It is the Volvo S60 to the United States southwestern city of Chengdu.
It would be the first car in China to pave the way for Chinese to market decades earlier.
With much lower than China remain the industry market for decades.
However, the breakneck growth may be a thing of the past.
According to China Automobile Manufacturers, the slowdown continued in the first three months of this year.
It comes as the wider economy slows a campaign against luxury vehicles, like that the for Chinese.
The hassles of car ownership are deterring buyers, as is awareness of the.
And roads of plates and a shortage of residential space trigger a backlash against car ownership, according to a recent report from Bain & Company.
"The car was as a status symbol," says Boutot at of.
Now cities hassle of these people are thinking of car. "
Oprah's in.
, Howard Stern, Tina Fey and Ray Romano.
On Tuesday, "The Late Show with David Letterman" announced host's final broadcasts.
The last "Late Show" May 20.
Whom Letterman has had for years starring in "Tomorrowland," which will be released May 22, always an engaging Letterman guest.
But longtime fans may be intrigued an acquaintance who's show,, guest on Letterman's old "Late Night."
Steve Martin, who's the "Late Show's" best,.
A host for 33 years to 22 'Late Show. "
Thailand has lifted with it a controversial order granting sweeping powers to the ruling junta.
The move, with Human Asia saying the dictatorship.
Martial law Wednesday the Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej approved a request from Prayuth.
Head of the junta invoked Article 44 of the constitution to curb acts deemed harmful to national peace and stability. "
Article, junta believes it is in the name of public security, has the power to act as deemed necessary.
According to a statement issued by the, the new order grants military personnel powers to arrest those who commit crimes against the royal family or against national stability, who commit, or who.
Personnel were granted powers, block or detain up to seven days, the statement said.
Of those NCPO orders could be imprisoned for up to a year, it said.
The head of the NCPO.
Said new security order would allow Prayuth "to issue orders without legislative accountability."
"Thailand be sleight of hand junta leader to replace with unlimited powers,".
Sunai, Human Rights Watch senior researcher on Thailand, told CNN the move would "become a strongman with his wishes."
"This the junta restore democracy and respect for human rights in Thailand," he said.
Abbott, Amnesty International, called in a statement the "."
Meanwhile, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein expressed alarm at the news.
"Normally I would welcome the lifting of martial law -- and indeed strongly advocated for it to be lifted," the High Commissioner said.
"But I am alarmed at the decision to replace martial law with even more draconian powers on Prime Minister without judicial oversight.
Violations of human rights. "
Thailand seized power last May, the government.
Since then, has curbed civil rounded up.
Been brought before military courts for engaging in political gatherings.
Political scholar Chachavalpongpun told CNN that from martial law to the new order amounted to "a new bottle."
"itself, he said.
"it's absurd.
Thailand to abolish the martial law because of.
Article than martial law. "
Thailand's insisted that such measures are needed to maintain stability, following a decade of political conflict,'s drawn.
Believe there was national security to justify the order.
"The national security has been exploited," he said.
, Massachusetts (CNN) Patriots star Aaron Hernandez looked on impassively Wednesday as he was sentenced to life, a new stands convicted in the murder.
, Appeared to head earlier in the trial found him guilty of first-degree murder.
He was also found guilty.
"wrong," said as from the courthouse case
"I didn't do it."
At trial, the defense team described Lloyd, a football player, as Hernandez "" -- his marijuana and future brother-in-law.
But in victim impact statements, Lloyd's relatives portrayed him as a son brother, who rode his bike miles to the flip-flops for 12 years.
"Odin was,",,
Odin was house.
Odin was his sisters' keeper.
After my daughter had her daughter became her, too. "
I thank God every second son.
Day my son Odin, I think my heart stopped beating.
That son "
Lloyd was "" Ward said.
She expressed regret she child and never.
She found forgiveness in her heart: "I forgive people that had a son,.
I pray and someday, will forgive. "
Court Bristol County District Attorney Thomas said ability to forgive: ""
Difficult in the end,, can bring that point, he said.
For Aaron Hernandez
The defendant said Aaron Hernandez may have been a well-known New England football player.
However, in the end, the jury found that he was just a man.
"that he was a professional.
Is the jury for. "
Asked whether Hernandez "gets it" after his murder conviction, Quinn said: "I don't know.
I think they say, 'life parole'....
I don't know if he got it. "
Moments cruel killing
...
It was brutal.
It was senseless.
Garsh sentenced Hernandez "to a term of life without the possibility of parole".
Garsh also sentenced him three years for unlawful possession of a firearm and one already served.
As the verdict was read, the former standout appeared upset.
He and a lawyer put his arm around him.
See his mother fiancée, Shayanna Jenkins.
Of the victim's, Jenkins.
"It's OK." the jurors looked at Hernandez as the verdict was read.
Guilty verdict was read, Lloyd's mother,, rocked.
After the verdict, Lloyd thanked and embraced members of the prosecution team.
Reporters, jury admitted took stand
Hernandez his testimony was.
Kraft testified his innocence and told the team "that the time of murder came out because he said he."
"just went through a two years later the exact time of one of the jurors said.
"I don't know how Aaron would have had that information."
The jurors said they learned about,, after their verdict.
Them juror said. "
They deliberated for more than 35 hours over parts of seven days.
Hernandez was taken to a maximum security center for new inmates,, four miles from home.
As he was Hernandez displayed swagger strolled law enforcement said.
Escorting Hey man, guys
...
I don't need more.'
Gave you the impression kinda no big deal
...
It is what it is.'
Things to know about the jury sensational trial started in January Super Bowl amid an unusually long and harsh winter.
Prosecutors took to present more than 130 witnesses to build their case.
Defense witnesses.
Lloyd was seen June 17, around 2: with's,, in a silver Nissan Altima.
Later, a jogger found his body riddled with gunshots.
The prosecution portrayed Hernandez, -- who believed grateful for his murder of others.
McCauley asked What was Hernandez talking about after Lloyd at a Massachusetts park? "
'my are '"Hernandez said,.
About Odin. "
Lloyd?
And were friends of Hernandez, who had complete control of them, the prosecution said.
McCauley reminded the jury about Hernandez and his friends sunbathing poolside hours after,, and at times with men.
"... whatever he wants," the prosecutor said of Hernandez.
The motive for the killing has never been spelled out, but prosecutors said said something didn't sit well with Hernandez.
Said Hernandez friends killing score.
McCauley said a perceived to,, offend Hernandez.
Shayanna,, testified box that she said reeked of marijuana.
She also said she didn't know what was in the box.
The murder weapon,, was in the box.
Concealing the's clothing, said she threw it away in "a random dumpster" but could not remember where.
Case was grainy footage Hernandez prosecutors said showed the gun Lloyd.
Case against Hernandez, who charged with will.
Sultan told jurors that Lloyd's killing, ", didn't know what put one foot in front of another".
Men who were allegedly killed Lloyd, told the jury.
Lloyd was working firm at the time of his killing, the winner of the says.
Outside court on Wednesday, Ward fought back tears as she remembered her son as "the most precious in my life."
"his footprint in my baby my heart forever said
"He was my strength.
I love him dearly. "
's sister said as if in a dream.
"It's just another day that is here."
Prison for Hernandez CNN Dolan and Candiotti reported from wrote from New York.
(CNN), descended on Baltimore.
Like most know that city I.
A cop in Baltimore.
Trying to save city last weekend, both for and for too much.
The ghetto, I'm race was on full display by Monday.
The nation saw Baltimore.
The the death of Freddie Gray in police hands.
What happened.
Something.
There's an investigation.
Maybe the investigation should be going faster.
But rushing would compromise prosecution.
(And can't be police officers have rights as)
I don't know.
Thing: Police who weren't there don't know.
If are guilty, police have justice.
But those who caused destruction on Monday had little, if anything, to do with Freddie Gray protests.
They were,, thugs.
Call them what in hood hood.
Those and burned businesses?
Police deal with them every day,.
Those criminals just appear, and won't.
They live without jobs, education,, or hope.
They don't come.
They don't.
Criminals.
In this year -- next year -- police will arrest thousands of men,.
From the 200 will killed.
Killing.
These are like the Baltimore Eastern District, in which% murdered.
Of, over 300,000 per year (as opposed to still homicides in America).
And some think police the solution.
Baltimore is Ferguson.
The police department is non-white.
The mayor is.
Police.
% African-American.
Imagine you're a white cop,, in a rough neighborhood.
A retired 911 in front of,, rowdy, breaking drugs, and disrespectful.
Situations.
What to do?
Usually I stopped,, and.
Sometimes I would.
Have.
We all played by the same rules.
Respect.
Sometimes I would ask politely.
Sometimes I had to rudely.
Sometimes I would ask for ID.
I would frisk arrest.
That's.
Every day.
I did.
I had.
Was.
Ultimately are in.
Things go wrong,.
People.
Fights.
Guns.
People get hurt.
Sometimes people die.
Not very often -- it's the police's fault.
Even cops -- if every cop were,, African-American the greater problems of police abuse.
Police has less to do with race than poverty.
And police never solve the problems,, a violence culture.
So problems cops do anything.
Yes, cops need to be punished.
To blame police for our problems.
Problems police cause and cannot solve.
When a cop makes a mistake,, police smugness and unbecoming.
In policing the problems.
We should improve police.
Do to society.
To look blame us.
(CNN) It took one woman seven months and 4,000 miles to trek to Libya.
She hoped to cross the baby born.
She didn't get there.
She was arrested as she migrants in a facility just outside Tripoli.
Other women fleeing have -- many fleeing refuses to stop.
Migrants risk their lives on boats to make the final of the trip.
The Somali's,, was detained.
Libyan officials.
Admitted to CNN there is no place to send people home them or let them go.
Of the migrants are from Eritrea on the coast.
They were told they go home, away.
They are in forever.
They are alive.
Others smugglers' ships sink.
Bodies up on Libyan beaches.
They are anonymous --, no who they were and what their that drove them to trip.
In Malta there.
On,, stark came one by one on the shoulders.
The tears.
That was the scene outside Dei Hospital for remember 24 of what's sank in the Mediterranean Sea.
All other victims been remain trapped inside the 66-foot boat that capsized late Saturday 70 miles (113 kilometers) north of Libya.
Italian authorities said estimated had been the ship.
Migrants migrant crisis facing responsible for Saturday's tragedy.
Announced Tuesday,, suspicion of "reckless shipwreck, and) immigration".
To be.
But Thursday, at least, was a day for reflection people wanted life.
"This reminds us that we all life is a migration," Imam Mohammed El at's funeral.
"Our,, emigrated from heaven to earth.
From mothers to immigrate graves. "
The deaths are the latest of migrants from Africa through the Mediterranean into Europe -- assuming they survive.
Parkin, said the number of migrants who have fled% this year, a rise attributed to the deteriorating security situation.
About 8% migrants between January of this year are children, Parkin said.
Of those, 70 aren't unaccompanied --.
Such numbers represent only people caught.
Union's border detected airports.
Paton Walsh reported from Tripoli and CNN's in Atlanta.
A massive brawl involving people was captured on video Friday night.
The video shows men throwing punches and chairs into crowds of people.
Can be seen being in the chaotic scene.
The fight took place in the food World Casino where approximately 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived, according to the New York Police Department.
One witness told CNN affiliate the scene was "chaotic" and compared it to a World Wrestling Entertainment event.
The brawl took place which opened at Friday.
Police said that there was a drink at the casino.
Several thousand was casino, police said, and an officer was taken to hospital for injury.
Three men were arrestted in connection to the brawl, according to police.
Two were disorderly conduct, the third remains charged,.
Police were able to confirm case is still under investigation, said.
(CNN) We did it again in another city.
We set Baltimore on fire.
We brutalized black.
We riot.
We let things get out of hand.
We looted.
We threw stones at policemen.
We threw at.
We created chaos.
We a violence the response.
We let the violence.
We's we.
You may be asking, "Who's?"
Saying with irritation, "
't have anything to do with it. "
Answer:.
We.
People.
Yes we can.
We are.
I when I talk about our country's achievements.
Say we won the Second World War, the invented Internet, jazz.
Get to those of, the
We ways.
We enslaved Africans.
We Reconstruction and made equal citizenship.
We Jim Crow,, subordinated African-Americans.
We cut blacks out of the New Deal.
We created racial inequity and economic.
We tried and Drugs.
We.
Authors of every's.
Tell me's.
Are of.
Someone else's.
We all.
We face that we or beyond.
There's another dimension of the story of "".
Progressives stories of how.
Every time protests and violence break out in response to police brutality, the out.
The event simply for left sees the rioting views.
Left about deep structural causes of violence.
Liberals gravitate to or this frame, like comments from the Baltimore Orioles who why a long history of racial injustice and economic disenfranchisement made rioting.
Conservatives their own frames, about a lack of personal responsibility among blacks, about the failures of Democratic programs, and about how it all comes back to (who happens to be black) on.
What this replay of a reality have: Both longstanding racism.
Both a present crisis of street violence.
An, multigenerational lack and a dearth of leaders willing to address it.
We cannot separate't fit -- not solving the problem.
Until more people see this, we.
We can't for antisocial behavior without and a school-to-prison pipeline that has so.
Can't keep opining about supporting and pastors and who,, to of.
I'm of the left.
It cannot possibly be that only I disagree.
It be my worldview solutions.
What is Baltimore.
It is.
We should all be that.
It's time to push each other out of our identity comfort zones and to more.
To act like we are.
We are.
Triathlete.
Kickoff we got to as a full-time triathlete,, hectic friends and family.
My Fit Nation far and wide, was a.
In a Chicago refused to:.
The Facebook read.
Rockwell, my local's,, to help.
And that's what I did.
I a handful of experienced and aspiring friends.
So, I reached out to them to ask what they were up to.
Annastasia W. for her first half-triathlon suggested workout at our local gym.
She invited,, SoleTri and a morning swim 30 run for 15 minutes.
That was to keep up with my workouts for the next week.
I traveled to Little Rock.
I traveled with phenomenal Samantha, Natali and Umber -- who are members of an obstacle course race group called Midwest.
Some daunting physical push through the of my marathon!
Swimming remains my link.
I just summer.
Sometimes I forget that and don't cut myself any slack how far I've come.
Once my swim in I found myself seriously slacking on my swim training.
My swim angels Twine and Eanista Bailey.
They took me into Lake Michigan swim class celebratory ""
It was great to have them join me for a swim workout.
I coaching.
While I was partnering up?
Spring was on the way!
Break free my bike sessions and hit the road.
I was lucky enough to () a series of novice rides they've been trails.
With two falls behind me, take getting used to nearly 23 miles and a born.
Riding outside with the your and breathing is I'm looking forward to many more.
I want to thank you of fitness.
So many others keep me inspired, accountable and motivated.
In the right direction and help others.
CNN was my fourth at the Daily News, my second assigned to the city desk.
It when the city desk secretary left, her spot reporters called to day.
It was that afternoon,, 1945 -- the editor and assistant city editor leaving.
The city editor, Guy Housley, to my left.
To my right, perhaps 6 feet away, the telegraph editor George Dodge.
At, the old-fashioned upright "" telephone on his desk rang the line Associated Press alert.
The no dead. "
The silence of.
Dodge into the -- a orchestra and, Press
"Clear the."
The words had barely cleared when Editor Lane.
, Director of the News, was only behind.
The room flew open around the copy desk, where the bulletin.
Lane wheeled toward the desk.
"Cleveland!
Get.
Get the reaction.
The entrance to the Daily News served as the entrance to the, trains.
A veritable lemmings would marble incline the next hour.
Not Cleveland could linger.
The Daily,, was strictly limited in hours.
An hour remained for.
Clips would and ran to the, the morgue. "
They had a white envelopes on Franklin D. Roosevelt big and --.
They had I a small one on.
Back.
Bob Lewin, who usually handled stories, had to do something. "
The Truman spread out the clippings and reached the "books" basket within reporters and rewritemen, with four sheets of carbon
To be typewriters top, copy the three others to various desks Lewin's eyes moved over, evaluating,, deciding what to use.
At last, he started typing.
Of the the in "" two paragraphs.
"President 33d of the United States is Harry S. Truman
"on the death of President Roosevelt
61 on. "
Lewin ripped the book out of roller.
I left him bottom page rushed to Lane.
Read his: "in., Truman's political rise spectacular
When elected to the Senate in 1934.
He backing, the Kansas machine.
Time, gave me a nod.
I pulled out, the roller.
Lane said, "."
Was back.
The cricket-like click keys at the rewrite desk drew to take story "Word of President's Chicago this afternoon
"Within after the came to News, were swamped with calls.
"So great were the number of calls, that the clogged could not be handled
"of spoke as if the as if it were wildly rumor.
"The noticed in the of crowds thronging.
One to another: "?
Is?
True? "
Story delivered, I returned calls.
Many, as had, wanting to know was but some from reporters and men who'd been home, reporting the reaction where they were.
Copyboy around the room, dropping off copies of the first -- the simple few from the, which served as the with.
I sorted the copies, into.
The second EXTRA was dropped.
ROOSEVELT Georgia The last EXTRA had three-column of,, two-column of a story on the president's plans.
The editors talked,, "What kind of president do you think he'll make?"
And of Foreign Service If there's anything the man will rise. "
I thought of that as Truman of.
The atom bomb.
The Marshall Plan.
The Berlin Airlift.
The Truman Doctrine.
Recognition of the state of Israel.
Desegregation of the armed services.
Forces to oppose the the Parallel and invaded South Korea, Nations army.
Firing Douglas MacArthur.
I continued to the from officials.
Asked me to set to Lewis.
The writer had a office at the end of the long office corridor.
I found him sitting, looking at the skyline.
Sensing my presence, he said, "I wonder what the world will be like without him."
"I don't know, sir."
In the dusk,, he didn't expect but thought about Franklin Delano Roosevelt, who served in the White House for an unprecedented 12 years.
"the only I can remember."
He turned me the loafers cardigan sweater and ""
I gave him the him on the news.
His up... to Washington,. "
Page to see what he'd written.
From Roosevelt's address to the trip.
"It has been a long journey.
I trust it has been. "
An earlier version of this article incorrectly quoted FDR's age in.
(CNN) Sen. Elizabeth Warren insists she's not running for president.
But her description of a 2016 "dream" candidate like.
Warren during an appearance Friday on CNN's "New Day" to fight for the middle class and "make Washington work for families."
Warren says she Washington special interest groups the nation.
"(I) spent my America's middle class watching,," she said.
"America now is works great for those who hire lobbyists,.
Working America "
Warren specific her list candidate up would marks.
What the economy means for 2016 She wouldn't say the slew of declared candidates fit that bill, but she did want to give all of them a chance as the 2016 campaign kicks off.
"I want to give everybody who gets in this race a chance to get out there and put their agenda in front of us," she said.
However, Warren said the two Republican candidates who have gotten into the race -- Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul -- have eyes how they've voted.
"them vote," Warren said
"They voted against the Social Security benefits increase.
Voted "
Opinion take on Wall Street?
A former, is in the eyes of many progressive voters her and.
Many want her to get into the race Democratic.
When asked if she was going to run, Warren didn't exactly say no.
"I want to see who gets in this race," she said.
(CNN) It's the Hillary Clinton make: gender.
The video released announcing her run for the White House is filled with women, --, taking of for the world.
Clinton, made the announcement,, appearing at a fight could others.
"I'm.
Running for president, Clinton said in the video
Americans need I want to be. "
Clinton says there's no better time.
She's now betting that there is time to make history as the nation's first woman president.
Clinton in the "highest, hardest" she in 2008 a campaign vision that connects with voters, while generating excitement and anticipation over the.
Clinton could be improving for women in politics.
Are historic, and the idea of "" is a catch phrase among women.
Seem as it once was -- Beyonce Joseph Gordon-Levitt feminist.
"political culture is as good a time as any for women to run for office.
A willingness now to pro-women, said the Politics Institute at American University
"People are ready for a woman president.
: Are they ready for Hillary as woman? "
According to a recent poll, Americans expect to see a woman president.
But that hope splits partisan --.
Hope to see a woman% of Democratic women.
INTERACTIVE: Hillary Clinton In her announcement and at women-centered events, ""
She has acknowledged a double standard for women and advised women to be tough.
She also her she in public life, heard on the campaign trail in this week events.
Pushing for women secretary of state, "."
Her new campaign website is, with Clinton in blue holding to woman.
The -- and the -- a possible campaign 2008 strategy stressed experience and.
But that was that obvious't for politics
She is the card.
She because she embodies it.
She is the woman candidate.
She has women's.
A mom, said Lake.
"She just it in.
If she, she, it could backfire.
Gender voters are have Obama years.
The president at the group's annual "demographically symbolic president is enough."
On CNN's "State of the Union" Sunday, Blackburn acknowledged that see a didn't Clinton.
"There's a.
Trust, honesty -- those get in her way, Blackburn said
Talk about polling gets's. "
In 2014 former Sen. Mark Udall "war on women" style campaigning in 2012.
That race picked up "" focus on women's issues.
Democrats in states such women women tended to prefer Republicans.
Katie Packer Gage, who groups about Clinton's run, said that to many women, the idea of Hillary is more popular than reality. "
"She starts having some different starts to a typical politician and down," said Packer,, a firm that coaches Republicans on appealing to women voters.
"You starting a campaign for women, but that's a narrow campaign,.
't going to win women. "
Former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina Clinton try to neutralize the former first lady's strengths the in.
Fiorina released a video Sunday in which she said Clinton "".
"White House" said.
Former Virginia Sen. champion for man has said.
Sen. launched presidential campaign Clinton from foreign countries women, the pro-woman won't be an easy sell.
Clinton high-profile.
Democrats rolled out endorsements,, the first Democratic woman elected to the Senate in her own right.
", Hillary she wrote
I'm ready for Hillary.
And America is ready for Hillary.
She is going once and for all.
At a recent event Clinton asked supporters: "Don't you want a woman president?"
In that particular answering yes.
But it's unlikely same question campaign.
Hillary is officially a and the never ending.
She has been a part of all now approaching a quarter century.
As first lady the right, then the wife,, then the most dynamic primaries state.
Their have their Clintons.
And win presidential terms, the years House.
The great American now looks about as democratic as "Game of Thrones."
But Clinton has nearly lifetime, The Economist: "
There is a: the best-known presidential candidate across both parties moment, unchallenged own.
Though Feinstein assert that Hillary "doesn't need (the).
But she -- the question unanswered is "What?"
For liberals believe government definition surely Clinton.
Clinton.
The economy revived under Obama,, to benefit.
The riots were a reminder that poor.
Clinton's against inequality.
It is true, Wall Street notes she has,, the wealthy.
But she counts among her friends precisely those corporate blamed for the.
Clinton is herself from -- foreign interests of populist.
Then there is her foreign policy record.
Iraq last year she the. "
She such controversies as the war in Syria, the crisis in Libya and the Mubarak regime.
Some of these have to do with her is beside the point.
Clinton spend a sizeable amount of time defending the things.
Are on the agenda -- as her email.
The Democratic rivals.
In Iowa last week, both Jim Webb and Martin O'Malley attacked War.
Both men Clintonian -- that the White House can be won, and the successfully governed,.
Both would wise Iowa to contrast a folksy campaign with the distant, over-managed style of Clinton.
A it would be undemocratic and plain to let Hillary coast to the nomination without a proper challenge.
Is Democrats want and that Clinton.
Why do liberals demand policy if the only answer they can come up with is Hillary?
Is the Democratic Party is impoverished.
The GOP's problems of a changing electorate and is divided.
The Democrats' challenges,.
A charismatic White House dominating the national conversation.
Obama was elected at the highest of national Democratic popularity.
Then Democratic power successive congressional leaving in and absent any conservative at all.
On Obamacare, ambitious and noble without second act to follow.
Democrats have about defending the reputation of their president new.
Of violence hollow The Daily Show "
Cynicism.
Who really Hillary Clinton is that a thinking or?
The question: what is she exactly running for?
She trump reinvention.
That she the moderate, an bar reinvented the words of Barack Obama,.
Little intellectualism left in liberalism Hillary.
(CNN) more spacecraft has sent its first color image of Pluto.
The initial picture Tuesday shows a couple of orange-tinged blobs: Pluto and its moon, Charon.
But the probe will soon be beaming sharper images and a wealth of information about Pluto's remote, unexplored system.
"This exploration to turn into a planet system of moons" said Alan Stern, New Horizons' principal investigator.
2006, New Horizons is nearing its voyage.
The probe is due to make its closest approach to Pluto on July 14.
"In this knowledge of what the Pluto system is like will I have no doubt there will be discoveries," said the Science Mission Directorate.
In 1930, Pluto was once considered to be the smallest planet in the solar system.
But scientists have revised that view because of Pluto's size and location "" small to clear out its way.
Pluto is 1,400 miles United States.
Miles in the solar system, about 40 times as far as Earth is.
By discovering more about Pluto, New Horizons will shed light on a little-known zone of the solar system rocky planets and gas giants.
The area,, contains "small planets," according to NASA.
Known for producing's Comet, which orbits the sun.
New Horizons will use its array and other instruments to study Pluto and as well as its moons,.
Rings satellites.
(CNN) Monday night, as unrest raged across Baltimore's streets, Amanda Rothschild in the of the.
A co-owner of's, a cafe in the intersection of three, knew workers needed support after all the unrest.
"There was fear, but it was in an overwhelming sense that everyone here needs help," she said.
Who police custody, some businesses are to show their support for are left after Monday.
Late Monday email, other from cafe closed so members could community protest.
Workers shut down, they closed not in Monday's protest.
"We shut down not out of fear but solidarity,".
It Baltimore for "" the, resident explained.
Chicken and water,'s member made Tuesday set up a stand.
A handful of businesses passing protesters.
The movement in Baltimore is personal for.
The 23-year-old has been on the streets and every day since protests started.
I witnessed police brutality.
Police.
't have very far West Baltimore said.
The Charmington's since reopened was meaningful, Dobson said
A community thought it was important to be a part of the community now. "
The feeling on Baltimore's streets has changed over the past few days.
It's now peaceful and celebratory, Dobson said.
"There have been protests but there have been celebrations of all can have without food," he said.
Not all businesses fared well.
Some suffered losses.
Trevira London's store London on was ransacked.
Her windows were smashed and looted.
"" the 36-year-old said.
And some local businesses are also one four months in the unrest.
Reports that the weeklong curfew is affecting smaller businesses.
"This is not a black or white issue.
This has.
Looting said.
In the meantime, storefront just to be safe.
Other businesses major protest stayed open to be a resource for the community this past week.
, An owner restaurant and Emma's decided to stay open after the Monday.
When workers heard that schools were closed Tuesday, they felt the need to keep their provide meals to students who are most vulnerable.
"We on social media were trying to figure out how to feed school school lunches and we thought" the 37-year-old said.
The response was incredible, he said.
Not in for Baltimore residents were coming to see whether they could offer their support.
"I was initially a little concerned unrest would take the city," Duda said.
He has seen residents of the city step up to show their support for Freddie Gray,.
It has inspired the 12-year Baltimore resident to protesting.
The sun setting in the background, Duda marched down the streets.
The scene, Duda said.
Red Emma's is normally closed during the 10 a.m. curfew with the exception of having an this.
Charmington curfew hours.
Duda said the people just marching for they were also marching for better education and work opportunities.
Said been for years like finally being heard.
University of Florida University are investigating allegations fraternity members disrespected veterans at Panama City Beach, Florida, by spitting on them.
"They spit on me and my service and disrespectful and.
Come and feel honored and feel safe and but wounded veteran told WJHG
"People were urinating balconies in elevators and sexual comments about veterans service and derogatory comments,".
The University of Florida and international office of are investigating have the group international suspended the fraternity at the Florida at at in Atlanta.
The fraternity's executive director, Laurence Bolotin said in a statement that fraternity members have been expelled from the group.
"While the actions are still under investigation, there is no doubt that our members ugly," Bolotin said.
"On behalf of our organization, I want to apologize to, in Panama City Beach,, to all who Retreat make positive and meaningful for attendees."
"I am offended and disappointed by the behavior that has been described," Florida Student Affairs President said.
"This is not representative of our students."
A reporter for CNN affiliate went to the fraternity house on Friday seeking members.
When.
Fraternities behave?
A it was appalled said "no evidence to implicate students in these incidents."
Cope said the stayed the fraternities were having.
She said the fraternity members had too much to drink April 17.
"We had an American flag flying outside and there was urination coming the," she said.
One of the drunk kids pulled a veteran of the and].
This happened Friday, the,. "
She said the veterans and their families did.
"These men and women acted like the leaders they are of our country," she said.
The University of Florida and the president of Zeta Beta Tau school.
The website for says it the world's first fraternity prides itself.
U.S. Virgin Islands officials are trying to track down vacationers at been exposed to a deadly pesticide.
Officials said is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. in different parts of the island governor said was with it in his knowledge.
Investigators are trying to piece together where a Delaware family's vacation turned into a nightmare.
And Steve Esmond and their two children suffered two brothers, ages 14 and 16, remain in comas.
Not an isolated incident.
Local authorities here tell CNN there is evidence methyl bromide was used twice at resort by the pest control company Terminix.
They also say used the pesticide across the islands on occasions.
Dawn designee of the Planning and,, said methyl bromide was also used last fall at the same Sirenusa, as well as in a Croix locations.
Methyl bromide is use and is only approved as pesticide.
The Virgin Islands said it was.
Mapp, the governor of the Virgin Islands, said it.
"did have a violation," said.
Said complex was fumigated in 2013, but said there have been no additional reports of people falling ill.
Authorities are trying to track down anyone who stayed at affected villas who might have been exposed.
From after Virgin Islands trip Terminix issued a statement saying it "is employees," and "."
The Terminix office on St. Thomas,,, closed.
Henry said in the area been confiscated and will be soon.
In the meantime, said the family.
Two teenage boys remain in comas.
Has regained consciousness and is slowly getting better.
In.
, Environmental agency, had been under scrutiny.
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency,, designated it "high risk," saying the agency "does not meet standards."
The inspector general is also investigating.
Department two directors have been sentenced to jail terms since 2008.
Year, was sentenced for receiving kickbacks in.
In 2014,, the Justice Department said, pleaded guilty to his illegal drug trafficking.
Months.
Mapp and the department administration.
A spokeswoman for the EPA said has been cooperative.
She added that none of the troubles the agency.
Mapp said's problems have nothing to do with what happened to the Devine and family.
Instead, he blames the companies.
"It someone was cutting enhance their and apparently in residence someone had been getting it for quite some time," Mapp said.
The investigation,, will be tracking the paperwork was ordered.
The Department of Justice is also investigating.
CNN) hell fall into the clutches of today's Jihadi.
We are all familiar with the brutality of Islamic Boko Haram who pledged allegiance to ISIS.
Islamist groups medieval methods of cruelty modern as a tool.
But there is the way.
Jihadi have a strategy beyond.
Their female part in strategy.
The, the men is conquering territory.
What they do to women of larger "caliphate," norms harking back to the,, the group's life in the early days.
Yazidi girls who ISIS after its Mount Sinjar how they were sent to slave warehouses along with hundreds of other women.
In groups and for ISIS fighters among them, some others sexual.
The stories told human rights workers are confirmed by doctors who examined the girls and say they found evidence of repeated sexual assault.
Human Rights Watch "of rape and slavery, and ISIS," says. "
In Nigeria, Boko Haram also has specific.
The 276 kidnapped ago make women group, according to Amnesty International.
, Captives move from to to when they prepare jihadis.
A stark change from the previous generation of jihadis, al Qaeda.
Not a part of al Qaeda's, ISIS viewed the establishment of a caliphate as a distant goal,.
In is building those social structures.
To, you need more than soldiers.
You also need women.
Women are indispensable for functioning are brutally repressive.
Even if women are, they are not just children; subjugation.
It is no accident that as in Chibok Islamists killed women in massacre.
As in previous conflicts, spoils of war rape is a weapon of war.
"" for a ethnic cleansing.
During the Bosnian war, experts said in systematic rape, the raped women.
In, militias were accused.
But this is different.
The women are abused and discarded.
ISIS and are to asphyxiating abuses that caused, according to -- rule another Islamic group that managed to take women.
ISIS to prove how its women including Islamic.
Islamic, enslave women by permission. "
As Yazidis, women seized by Islamists have seen.
From Iraq's second-largest city, modern ISIS conquered,, "" and oppressive, fear-filled lives.
The of more than sadism.
It is madness, it is a method.
(CNN) had to bring his pregnant wife and 2-year-daughter back to the United States from war-torn Yemen.
Owner made flight to his home Hayward.
Members have identified him as killed in last week in the Yemeni city of Aden.
He is believed to be the first killed in Yemen.
The al-Labani was on his way back from mosque when he was hit, his family said.
He died minutes later.
Violence escalated in Yemen soon al-Labani arrived in February.
"(to) a few weeks noticed things were starting to get bad and the (U.S.) Embassy closed," his cousin Mohammed told CNN.
For the past three weeks, members evacuate as the situation deteriorated in the country, according to his cousin.
More than 200 people have been killed, according to Naef Al, Aden.
Two days before, he told his family to try to cross the border into Oman and fly, but he never made it.
"The airports closed and things got worse and worse," told CNN by phone.
"People were hoping things would get better, but they got worse and worse."
Yemen has been rocked by violence and political turmoil for months.
Houthi rebels -- long majority Sunni country -- forced Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January under house arrest and taking over Sanaa, the capital.
Hadi escaped in February, the southern city of Aden and said.
Saudi Arabia last month the rebels.
The violence target Yemen.
Yemeni-Americans are trapped in the conflict, but haven't gotten help, the Council on American-Islamic Relations told CNN.
Zahra, a spokeswoman for the group, said helping's.
"other governments,,... they have evacuating their citizens.
So it's impossible for the U.S. to evacuate their citizens, said.
Responding to criticism, the State Department told CNN that there are no plans to evacuate private U.S. citizens from Yemen.
"We encourage all U.S. citizens to shelter in a secure location until they are able to depart.
U.S. citizens wishing to depart should do so transportation options are available, "a spokesman for the State Department told CNN in a statement.
Some foreign nationals be willing to offer assistance. "
Yemeni-American advocates think more.
"There have been travel warnings to Yemen for years.
's they 'Be' or 'Don'? "
Asked.
"It still it many of us rights who should be the protection."
Fierce across Yemen Sunday blackout and military.
Intense airstrikes hit Sanaa overnight.
Senior security officials in the capital said the airstrikes targeted the military and's, depots.
The blasts at,, shattered homes nearby.
In provinces under control of Houthi rebels, including Sanaa, remained without power.
The Houthis remain in control of,.
The International Committee of the Red Cross said Saudi Arabia.
(CNN) Pope Francis will visit Cuba on his way to the United States in September, the Vatican said -- a trip that will come the countries.
Exact Cuba, the Vatican said.
In Havana Cathedral, people reacted to the news.
"The Pope coming here, more positive to go, more politics," said,.
"visit for."
"We are waiting for him.
're very happy he is coming said Ulises who to tourists the Havana Cathedral.
"He should come and know in Havana."
Cuba's state-run television reported that Francis.
The pope played a role in restarting diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States, earning praise from President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro.
Pope Obama and Cuban leaders to reset relations after decades of friction.
The Vatican talks U.S. and Cuban in October new policy and the release of American contractor, part of two.
"Pope Francis, whose shows the importance of world should be world, said in December as he U.S..
Since his election, Pope Francis has displayed interest in international affairs.
He repeatedly urged Western leaders to bomb Syria Israeli and Palestinian leaders at the Vatican waded into diplomatic controversy by referring to the killing of 1.5 million Armenians as a "genocide."
The latter move upset Turkish leaders, Vatican.
The Pope is international in July, where he will visit.
Francis will address the General Assembly to more than 1 million people.
Francis will be the third the Roman Catholic Church to visit Cuba.
St. John Paul II stopped there for several days, and Pope Benedict XVI visited for three days in 2012.
Church officials in Havana said they expect Francis' visit.
Officials are expected to travel soon CNN's Patrick reported from Havana.
CNN's Hanna.
(CNN) One of the biggest TV events of all time is new audiences.
The epic miniseries about an African-American slave and his descendants, had over 100 million viewers back in 1977.
Now A & E networks are remaking miniseries to air in 2016.
A, Lifetime and History Channel announced Thursday that the networks would simulcast a remake of the Kinte, who was shipped into slavery on a plantation.
LeVar Burton, who portrayed the original, will new.
A press release describes the new version as "original" and "contemporary" and will draw from novel Roots: Saga. "
Producers and African-American history for added authenticity.
"We bring this saga to fans of the original, as well as a new generation that will experience this powerful and poignant tale for the first time," said,'s executive vice president.
Audiences will feel the impact of Kunta Kinte's spirit. "
Executive producer of the original's producer L., added, "Kunta Kinte began telling his story 200 years ago and story through,, and now the rests.
Like his story over and over again, "
The remade "Roots" will have witnessed the nation's first Best Picture treatment.
"My career began with 'Roots' and I am proud to be a part of this adaptation," said Burton.
(CNN) It's easy to be anxious about the threat posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria.
, This is a brutal organization seems to revel in doing so in ways designed to shock the world -- from beheadings of journalists to burning a Jordanian pilot.
Are murky group's and its efforts.
The?
I explore the issue in depth Sunday night.
And although important to the caveat that ISIS is indeed trying to scare us, I some tentative lessons from traveled inside the minds of ISIS.
, ISIS is clearly its Islam -- but power.
Military ISIS is made up not a group of zealots but rather high-ranking officers from Saddam Hussein's army --.
An internal ISIS report detailing its organizational structure was reported last week in the German weekly Der Spiegel.
That a its ideology, much like communism.
Underneath, much like communism,, for power.
, ISIS a organization it has thrived because of cause.
The and because Sunnis of Syria who believe they must fight the Shiites to their own survival.
The Sunni cause is going to endure for some time.
In ISIS push the group from its gains.
Sunnis of will and Sunni-dominated areas will remain -- chaos that ISIS will be able to capitalize on.
In the long run, ISIS might very well find that its foes Caliphate.
Few by ISIS do not living.
In, those who as Shiite rule are growing disenchanted.
Other radical groups such as the Taliban -- have an allure, but once they are governing in their,, the allure fades builds.
The ever-increasing repression.
Remember, no one ISIS into.
The group simply slaughters its control.
One of the big questions Is ISIS a threat?
The group's leaders declare that.
To be their, caliphate.
They understand that to be Terror Group No.
They battle the country that is the world's No.
1 power the United States.
With that in mind, they seek and hope that the United States will come to the Middle East and them,.
Still they ask hope followers not want Americans.
No matter how the level of ISIS poses, the group has changed the nature of terror.
The leaders have recognized that above all, a messaging, which becomes a machine.
This means not on the ground but on the airwaves and bits and bytes of the Internet.
ISIS does better than anyone while their videos repulsive -- and are most -- they work.
And makes them viral, by tens of millions.
That ensures attract those young men among the world's 1.6 billion Muslims --.
(CNN) The underwater search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 looks set to.
Teams scouring the part of the southern Indian Ocean for the passenger jet that disappeared more than a year ago with 239 people on board.
So far, they covered of the search reporting any trace of the airliner.
Families of passengers and crew members still have no answers about their loved ones.
Searchers haven't found anything they've covered the entire priority search will into a officials from Malaysia, Australia and China announced Thursday.
"remain closure and the loved ones of those on board,".
The the current zone is expected to be completed.
The new zone could take as long as a year.
, "high search areas would have," governments said Thursday.
The search of more than 46,000 square miles, U.S..
Flight 370 vanished after taking off from Kuala Lumpur on March 8 bound for Beijing.
Officials are still trying to figure out why it veered dramatically off Malaysia and where exactly it ended up.
An international team of experts that the plane eventually went down in the Indian Ocean far off the coast of Australia.
People on board the Boeing 777, the Chinese.
(CNN) the relics when Turkish archaeologists discovered a chest in a appeared to contain a piece of Jesus.
"We have found a holy thing in a chest.
Piece of a cross, said an art archaeologist.
She thought --.
, Silence.
The latest relic of the cross Jesus died stalled, Köroğlu later said, had allegedly holy now -- mysteriously.
Of the "true cross," a powerful identifier for of people, of pitfalls the Jesus.
Something smacks of the "true cross" can of divine certainty or.
Could fragments of be today?
Could fragments of?
Or are they fragments of forgery that our believe?
The true cross phenomenon begins with Emperor Constantine, Christianity.
He sent Helena (c. 246-330 CE) to find objects in the Holy Land.
Traveled to Jerusalem in 326 CE destruction caused by the last Jewish War in.
After defeating Roman Emperor built a pagan temple over Jesus -- a insult to the religion.
Helena ordered down to dig find relics related to Jesus.
Different crosses discovery relating to the Gospels Jesus was crucified along with two criminals.
The) discern which cross was dying woman brought to the site.
The woman touched two, but nothing happened.
Then touched the and recovered.
The cross Jesus had.
In Jerusalem transporting it multiplied so much that Calvin said "if all pieces could be found were together, they would.
Yet the Gospel man. "
But was Calvin exaggerating his own Catholicism?
How could we ever know what was made of,, since neither -- bothered us?
Enter science.
In 1870, Charles Rohault catalogued known the cross.
He determined the Jesus cross weighed,, with two meters wide.
All these bits of the cross were cobbled together, he reckoned they wouldn't amount to the cross on which Jesus died.
On the fragments was allowed to microscope, concluded the true cross was made.
Later, four particles were part of ten pieces of the cross, by documentary Byzantine emperors.
These fragments came from European churches: Santa, Notre Dame and the Pisa.
But discovered they were all made of olive wood.
So now the question became: Was Jesus made of wood or pine?
Archaeologists a lack of wood from the massive record of Roman crucifixion.
Despite the fact the Romans killed people through crucifixion -- a day during the siege of Jerusalem from -- was discovered when archaeologists found the heel bone of a crucified man nail.
Israel Museum in Jerusalem,, anatomy and archaeology at Tel Aviv University, said bone of the man was found in a Jewish burial tomb Jerusalem near the crucified.
The burial identified his mid 20s on.
His and lack meant that he likely came from a wealthy family, for most crucifixion victims were up in tombs --save put in the Joseph of Arimathea.
Yehohanan was killed.
Yehohanan was the cross with a 4.5-inch nail in part of a still attached to the head of the nail.
Hershkovitz believes the length of the nail crucifixion.
) bones, so sure foot was hammered separately. "
Is were not made from the tree for food wouldn't be to make.
More importantly,, they wouldn't be suitable because of the structure of the tree.
Olive trees don't of, support the the of
"The olive tree is the appropriate tree.
Of that serve the purpose. "
Today there are even more fragments around:, in Rome,, in Ghent,, in Spain -- and even in Pennsylvania, where a fragment of the true cross came imported rebuilt.
If you own sliver of the cross died, several -- some having seals "integrity" to their authenticity.
Professor at Duke University's, says on the of often of the cross's meaning.
"the cross is to remember that it's person who, in the end is just the instrument."
Is co-author, with David Gibson, of Faith.
Fact.
Forgery.
(CNN years ago guy.
Last made history.
The became to have his DNA extracted by researchers.
More than 20 years.
Scientists in Italy have skull staring back at them in the cave,.
The cave they'd found, report in Phys.org.
Altamura Man's intact jumbled pile of bones made a great specimen, but they were wedged into stalactites stony over thousands of years.
Researchers decided to the that them out of cave Man.
, A cave man.
Calcite the Neanderthal bone and upper hundred piercings.
Has the bones to 187,000 years old.
Scientists believe Altamura wound up in ago after a well, died in the.
Researchers made off his shoulder to.
Of his skeleton Altamura Homo.
He will spend eons of the world, museum describes, in a small cavity. "
To his, to find out more about the evolution of hominids --.
Justices of the Supreme Court practice politics law -- and that will be clearer than ever when the issue of same-sex marriage comes before the court Tuesday.
Public opinion on same-sex marriage has turned upside down since Supreme Court 2003.
Opposition has turned into of.
-- to marriage equality.
Constitution, a such opponents of same-sex marriage as Scalia.
To originalists who believe the Constitution should be interpreted only as it was understood by the framers -- a same-sex marriage is.
The Constitution meant it -- and James Madison () thought they.
But the Supreme Court has always been a lot more than the.
The justices sometimes take.
In 1954, the Supreme Court ruled unanimously that race, though schools.
Chief Justice Earl Warren wrote the opinion in Brown Cold War.
Warren that segregated the United States minds, and the court.
's motives had nothing to do with the framers' intentions and with the words of the Constitution itself, the history of the Supreme Court.
There are risks, of course, when the justices.
, The justices have attitudes.
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is a supporter of abortion rights for women, but has expressed reservations about the court's decision in Roe v. Wade, the 1973 ruling that required states to legalize abortion.
She has argued that political process for legalization that cause.
Her position on several scores.
Abortion rights in the '70s, and opponents.
Misgivings about Roe as to the Supreme Court's consideration of same-sex marriage.
Still, when it comes to a majority of the justices will come down on the.
, It looks like the justices have already made up their minds.
After the United States invalidated most of the law known as the Defense of Marriage Act, more than a dozen federal district courts around of of marriage.
These judges allowed these marriages to begin taking place.
Supporters of the went to the Supreme Court and asked for stays of the lower court because the justices permitted the marriages.
, Supreme Court denied the stays --.
In a brief dissenting opinion from the failure grant, Justice Clarence Thomas suggested the issue had settled in his colleagues.
"This [in allowing to proceed] as the intended,.
"the proper way to discharge our...
. "
But Scalia dissent, even on.
In any, we'll get what the justices are thinking about.
(CNN) It's a girls' universe.
On Wednesday, DC, Warner Bros. announced DC and "," according to a press release.
DC and Warner Bros. of Time Warner.
Include Wonder Woman, Batgirl, among others.
Reaction appeared -- ""
"Just the old universes"
Tweeted Kennedy.
Jenna Busch, writing for, was concerned the initiative was another way of keeping girls separate.
"Targeting them for girls only 'is just another way," she wrote.
Look, I appreciate the effort, but between is not the way to go.
Are you going to put Target
Pink toy section? "
Super Girls is aimed at ages 6-12 and will include toys,.
Mattel toy licensee and Random House Books will publish the.
The cover-up.
Stands accused of scrubbing segment in PBS documentary "Finding Your Roots" Ben Affleck put pressure on.
Affleck that the segment aired his family includes a slaveholding,.
Affleck said he "didn't show my.
I was.
And explained that that the for that made for compelling television. "
But providing the slavery America's.
An opportunity.
And Affleck's reluctance to his (, he said on Facebook) surprising.
Last month his star power to support assistance.
He isn't shy about aligning himself with causes and issues.
What could he do his closer to the his and is to reject the racism.
The courage in place.
A teachable moment.
Why did he might be discovered?
He could have paid to privacy what he wanted.
This would have been out if emails Lynton of Sony Entertainment advice.
In the exchange, advised "out knows if editing the material."
Gates acknowledges to delete the at the request of would. "
He.
Gates denies.
After the story came to light, he released a "" and decided what made for compelling program. "
For Affleck's "" segment, he substituted a ancestor instead of the slave-owning one.
Was the slavery segment didn't make for good television; Gates made the story.
The,, makes it clear that the slave-owner angle makes for better television.
Here are some excerpts: up the segment describing Benjamin as living in Savannah.
Responds that Savannah.
Gates says "Really?"
Asks whether he knew he had roots.
Says he had no idea he had roots.
Lowers the: "We wanted to see if we could learn how Ben about slavery)."
Gates shows the slave 1850 Census to Affleck, who says, "There's,."
Affleck says, "kind of sagging to see,,.
But you know, there it is, part of our history. "
Gates says the irony your family.
Your mom back fighting people in 100 years later.
That's amazing. "
Affleck then observes like mother and made a much better one that handed. "
What a great line.
A story.
And when -- chooses to like this, instead of ignoring it, he can provide a powerful example to a country that struggles with the roots of racism.
This kind of enlightened approach should have been in.
'comfort in talking about race and the places in our society where racism continues to fester is at the heart of why president,.
Continue dialogue -- but management won, and the rest is history.
The.
Gates has to deal with's internal review.
Not walk without.
(A police officer claims and is justified in killing an unarmed black man.
Supports the police, who is ultimately exonerated and seethes with rage because it knows done.
've seen this movie before.
Alert Cop.
Stops the street broken these result in death.
Again with a black street.
This time in North Charleston,.
Walter Scott was stopped by Officer Michael Slager for a broken taillight, and Scott.
According to the incident report, Slager said: "
Taser. "
At the time said that felt his firearm fired his weapon. "
Then came the video.
We watched as we saw Slager shoot Scott multiple times.
We saw pick up location near's lifeless body.
On Tuesday, was arrested.
Charleston police Chief "watched the video and saw."
So was's after the video made representing the officer.
After the, the officials in handled the situation.
Case.
Evidence when Scott is seen.
In Ferguson the video we have the of press police who refused the video Michael.
The were its.
World.
North's police force is 80% white, with a population of 47% black and 37% white in the city.
Ferguson is white (three of the 53 officers are black) and the city is black and white.
Both North Charleston and Ferguson have are representative, yet North Charleston got in the.
I'm not sure North Charleston from the mistakes of Ferguson.
I have heard many say doesn't have anything to do with race.
I don't buy it.
How many whites get pulled over?
Being pulled over while black is a phenomenon "Race" casebook.
Racial profiling been pulled over in the first place.
Yes, the behaved differently than the Ferguson.
I don't think it's because race had nothing to do with it.
The Ferguson situations -- given the instructive Brown.
Of course, the video.
It remains to be seen whether murder.
Can a jury.
How the videotape allowed a jury to acquit police officers,.
(CNN) The through photos find.
Looking through photos is usually an enjoyable experience coming across a remembrances of happy times.
I found myself flipping through a devastating time we wish forget.
Black oil-choked waterways and wildlife, shuttered businesses,.
The Deepwater Horizon disaster killed 11 people,, it's time to ask ourselves: What have we learned?
What are it happen?
I spent 2010 in the,, witnessing the impact.
See what.
It's "out of sight, out of mind" apply in the communities of Gulf Coast states.
The BP oil spill's legacy continues to haunt this region like a cancer.
Recent by oil learned livelihoods by.
Worker's and's say progress been made.
Community and dedicated organizations have worked to restore and but the way.
Is critical and and resources continue to progress.
Mistake: Though normalcy to the Gulf and been made, the oil is still there.
What about oil A recent study from Florida estimates that gallons of is.
BP.
Everything is not back to normal. "
So is recovering witnessed a crew (digging up.
Not I would.
While this kind of pleasant, tragedy on the BP spill,.
It's important to note that areas like the Gulf, which are already drilling, many for 2011 have yet to be implemented.
Year, the Obama administration proposed offshore oil drilling plan in in the, would open the Atlantic from, the wild offshore drilling.
In the Arctic, one pristine ocean, companies have to admit that they aren't prepared to safeguard against disasters that to.
What would occurred in a region where what little,, is floating catastrophic storms.
In the increase in storms and in sea level, as well as what is at stake from an ecological standpoint, don't paint a more optimistic picture.
We have a choice: Do we continue to make the same mistakes with a "business as usual" approach or do we change the and?
I'm not saying the path forward is easy.
A challenge we need to embrace.
Solutions are straightforward holding our responsible environmental is.
The time and effort to understand natural resources is.
Despite its importance, fishing, oil and gas development,, understanding of how the Gulf works.
Independent research the Gulf is critical.
Countless benefits,, billions of efforts for and monitoring the Gulf ecosystem, the hardest-working bodies of water in the world.
And our biggest and most important challenge: to eliminate our dependence on fossil fuels by developing sustainable energy solutions, including jobs that follow the kind of makes.
Not long after the spill I was speaking to a group of students with my environmental education International.
The students were upset by what was happening in the.
At the question-and-answer session, I asked them, "Who is going to clean up this mess?"
All of them. "
've told given me a sense of hope.
Those resolve to make sure they don't.
(CNN) Launching rockets.
Landing them on a platform floating in the ocean?
Well, that's never been done before.
SpaceX exploration company Musk, to give it a try.
But weather forced it to scrub Monday's launch.
SpaceX said on Twitter that Tuesday at 4 10
Will be the opportunity launch uncrewed Station.
That will be the easy part.
SpaceX try the stage of the rocket onto a platform,, in the Atlantic Ocean.
Usually rockets in's space boosters fall into the ocean.
So why to land?
Musk wants to cut costs.
Website rockets just the as a hundred. "
SpaceX tried to land Falcon 9 in January,.
Previously said the successful landing.
It, photos the mission will.
If landing doesn't work?
SpaceX will keep trying and it landing at to someday the ground.
What about the rest of the rocket and the Dragon?
Part of the rocket will carry the Dragon into orbit and cargo in Earth's atmosphere.
The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver 4,300 pounds (1,950 kilograms) of supplies,, an espresso maker that astronauts can use to make coffee and tea.
The space station crew will spend about five weeks unpacking the Dragon.
They'll then stuff it with over 3,000 pounds of science experiments and other stuff to send back to Earth.
Space station mission to the California.
This is the sixth SpaceX mission to the International Space Station.
The company was space contractor station.
(CNN) A top al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula leader ago was in -- was among killed in an airstrike, the group said, showing the organization Yemen appears close to civil war.
Ibrahim al-Rubaish died Monday in what AQAP's Al-Malahem Media. "
Al-Malahem Media characterized al-Rubaish as a combat commander.
A Defense record confirmed that al-Rubaish.
Al-Rubaish was once the U.S. detention facility in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
In fact, he was among a number of detainees who George W. Bush.
Released as part of Saudi Arabia's program for rehabilitating jihadist terrorists, a program Sessions characterized as "a failure."
Sessions listed al-Rubaish the Qaeda Arabian peninsula who escaped en route. "
The United States has been active in Yemen, working closely to go after AQAP al-Rubaish.
While drone strikes have killed.
However, Houthi.
The take over the capital of Sanaa in January force out Yemeni President Mansour Hadi -- U.S. ally.
Still is Yemen, and with a Saudi-led coalition and President.
Meanwhile, Yemen has been awash in chaos -- which in some ways has been good for AQAP.
Freed, a Ministry official Yemen.
(CNN) Seven minutes after Aurora called 911, James Holmes surrendered a dozen bodies allegedly.
On Monday, jurors will examine seven in a trial that experts say could last months.
The prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty.
Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.
Jurors to consider events that occurred before and after July 20, 2012,, appears to show Holmes planned going to buy his movie ticket 12 days before, police who arrived to search Holmes' apartment.
According to police, Holmes "" at Aurora 16 Theater left door the movie, propping it.
"" a, movie said, threw tear gas canisters into the theater before opening fire with an AR-15 rifle, a shotgun and one .40-caliber handgun.
The attack killed 12 people and wounded 70, a Columbine High School.
Later, authorities discovered a University of Colorado-Denver say Holmes.
Colorado authorities had no contact with a 2011 summons, and he graduated in 2010 from the's degree in neuroscience.
2011 year according to a spokeswoman.
Holmes faces 165 including murder charges, but there have been some notable legal battles in the run-up to the trial.
In March 2013, Holmes plead guilty so he could avoid the death penalty,.
A judge ruled that Holmes had to be restrained during the trial,.
The defense filed an objection conceding Holmes the violence but blaming his mental illness.
"Mr. Holmes suffers from severe mental illness and was in the throes of a psychotic episode when he committed the acts that resulted in the July 2012,".
Judge Samour ordered that,, was "inadequate."
, (CNN) It'd been typical of the craft the and.
Key key meant three water pumps chugging at times.
Vessel Mecca — the city.
We were told we'd be morning, but as the.
And we were still only halfway there.
'd been a secure route, the Djiboutian Coast.
It meant hugging the coastline as possible of the of the Gulf of Aden the off.
It was almost double the distance of the route.
Add to that strong stomach-churning seas -- and it felt like we would spend an eternity.
Sunset, we were close enough for a Yemeni message.
However couldn't at night close to shore a vessel and hit.
The slowed the boat to a crawl so until daybreak.
Finally morning came.
It was time to go into town to see what life was like for the people of Aden.
We weren't sure what to expect but we did know we couldn't.
The the port, we were met by desperation and shouting
"Where are you?"
"I," the Americans? "
I shouted back that we'd.
We had hours we needed to visit,,.
There was so much we needed to see.
"Why?"
"Why is this happening?"
't it? "
Time had passed.
The shelling.
We'd sniper but could hear were.
Arrived at port, found we weren't alone.
After waiting at port, a ship would dock ours had some of the families caught.
The asked if we could.
't could.
What we didn't realize until it was too late was that the refugees charged a exit fee. "
Those who didn't have the money were back behind the of.
That did shared our day-and-a-half.
As the shores of Djibouti grew, you could see the uncertainty over.
Many had come from comfortable lives shattered.
Had homes televisions.
Would the have TVs, asked.
No, they wouldn't, I said.
I didn't say'd be lucky.
But amid was the escape.
The took over ship's the kitchen.
They former chef cupboard out and heaped.
Tuna and more Turkish than our cameraman could.
Because we'd brought refugees back with us, we were asked by the Djibouti Coast Guard to dock in the,, so they could be given the proper status while they wait to see home.
Amongst a boatload of Yemen, but to important families were safe.
From was a few hours away, hours stretched the phone to their loved ones had made harbor.
Over the last few had shyly come to ask if they could borrow our phone to tell their families they were safe.
A deluge of siblings and partners flooded, we weren't yet on land.
, As Djiboutian officials unload what remained of onto shore, a lucky ones.
I would have done anything to get to Europe.
It was worth the risk, the bad treatment and the fear,.
A better life than before.
But my journey across,, wasn't easy.
Here's my story.
It all started late last year when I lost my job in Dubai.
My visa, and go.
Syrian, to Syria wasn't an option means you have to.
Need visas to get into Turkey.
I arrived in the country in December:.
Istanbul, I discovered many Facebook pages about smuggling from Turkey.
All of Mersin, a port city on the southern border,, I made my way there.
I met a Syrian in Mersin who had one smuggler and was planning to.
Reputation.
Reputation thought people be were what them.
Why wouldn't they be?
's business and isn't.
I decided to meet the guy.
We spoke of payment and agreed on $6,500.
The money would be deposited into an insurance company, with the usual fees.
When I reached Italy to the smuggler, be able to.
"Be every day few days you receive the call" the told me.
Later I got the call and began.
They women buses drove to the smuggling point.
It was far from.
We walked for 30 minutes farms near the beach,.
To take in three boats to the ship.
Remember, to walk two sons along as fast as they could to try to reach the boats.
't walk leave without them.
I asked myself so what could drive a normal person to danger.
I decided but was capable.
Finally the boat.
It was as the smuggler.
For three days we waited in the boat for 100 people to join us before departing.
We were in the middle of the Mediterranean, far away from be.
On started excitement -- that this ends ends with on the, who made it to the other side.
There was no one-way ticket.
We sailed for eight hours before the boat broke down.
There were around 300 of us and began to push us hoping to boat,.
Eventually our boat got stuck.
Luckily, coast guard arrived to deport us to Turkey.
Within a few hours.
The people traveling with said they weren't going to again.
When they asked me what I planned to do, I told them I would do it again -- another journey through,, no matter how big.
I lost everything.
What I was doing, I.
I wasn't going to stop.
So I called the smuggler the same night I was released, and ship.
Two days later, again to a smuggling point.
This time, they had a bigger boat -- a cargo ship,, meters or more.
It took days to board the ship -- us, refugees from all over.
And the time I was trapped conditions.
We lived in the hold.
No our keep.
Of when capsizes we had little water.
It meant the "toilet", covered.
Huge waves crashed the ship from all angles and water leaked from as we slept on the cold.
Seven days,, we were nearing island-dotted Greece.
, Coast began to alert authorities to our presence.
We were told the, no crew.
And true -- we have registered just one ship before.
An -- Frontex, European Union patrol rescued us with the help of a boat from New Zealand.
Ship approached us to get because the waves were so high.
We knew to wait before leaving.
Other refugees were like each other've seen. "
I was one of the last.
See yesterday of new.
Why migrants head to Mediterranean They took us to Sicily,.
When we arrived, the first urgent medical cases.
There was a the drinking water on the boat and people who needed medical attention.
They took us to a refugee camp and the talked about being.
They were saying: "
We are not going to give fingerprints, they torture us. "
Later that night a Moroccan-Italian man told us not to worry:. "
They take us to camps and we.
Twelve days journey to Europe.
I first to Milan with two Syrian guys friends.
We decided to go to Germany and to Paris and ended up in a city called Saarbrucken.
But I knew it, the cost,.
(CNN) I see a revolution everywhere.
I see it in newspapers and on state nearly.
I see politicians once this explosive now willing to stake their futures.
I see in scientists previously reluctant to dip stigmatized,.
I see new.
In the attitudes of everyday Americans.
For the first time, 53% favor legalization with.
Support for legalization has risen 11 points in the past few years alone.
In the legalization% of the nation.
I see a revolution that is white hot, but shows up among the parents in kids' school.
I met in Michigan is the revolution, of the medical journal, Neurosurgery.
I see in lives medicine for children -- and themselves,, just one or two a month.
Have such dramatic results (), medicine?
This medical marijuana.
Seizures spur legislation my,.
In my own family.
When was a, a
"Marijuana...?"
She whispered in a half questioning, half disapproving tone.
She could even say the word her response filled me with.
As a man mom cheeks red confidence.
But just suddenly I am on the thing. "
I waited for the other shoe to drop, but it didn't.
She added, a lot. "
I think we that one.
At, revolution.
The word, from the Latin, "turn around."
Years ago, a position on marijuana.
Hardly any would sit down and be interviewed.
Even patients to share their stories.
To be on the science side.
When the "" 2013, I didn't know if anyone would watch.
't know.
Weed?
Two years "Weed" we are to a revolution in full swing.
You will ride along the dawn of the first clinical study of marijuana for PTSD.
Meet patients such as Sean Kiernan,, and.
Remarkable and faces of smart, -- used to PTSD worse.
, Get better.
You will.
This will the government,, even the President of the United States.
Is.
Your medical marijuana questions "" in March, Boston researcher Rick Doblin believed right.
Just days later, Doblin received he had been waiting provided federal approval for his marijuana.
Farm marijuana is on the campus of Ole Miss in Oxford, Mississippi.
A revolution 30-fold in just the past year.
Of evidence the federal government can fast track a revolution at.
It was the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases that spearheaded the AIDS as well as the spread of West Nile Virus.
Also responsible for the eradicating polio and.
Other successful federally backed programs.
No shortage of the federal government has medical marijuana would also a.
10 diseases could have promising use of marijuana could impact tens of thousands of children and adults,, epilepsy, to name a few.
With marijuana demand for narcotics and painkiller overdoses, the this country.
As I sat across from Sens.
Gillibrand and Cory Booker () knew something extraordinary was happening.
They were reciting the story of and other.
They were quoting back the our earlier investigations.
They were potential virtues of the plant, and all of that interview.
They in a hurry to marijuana reform.
They want.
They want it now.
They want it.
They want it.
They want.
They want.
They want most of the world, the United States, for a long time: Marijuana,.
They want.
I spent challenging them.
I remind them that people,,.
I reminded them a hard time winning elections the but difficulty.
I challenged them every step of the way.
"will be different,".
Is as safe as --
Is do nothing for too long.
Look, educate who are out and in the form of a.
Shouldn't.
Makes sense.
Objectivity is.
At some point, open questions do get answered.
At some point, contentious.
At some point, common sense.
It is: We should legalize marijuana.
We should do it.
, It.
Russian President Vladimir Putin shrugged off repeated questions about sanctions during a nationally broadcast session.
"are sanctions," he said.
"As far as sanctions are concerned () the need to development," Ukraine.
Western sanctions were implemented after Crimea pro-Russian separatists battled government forces in the nation's east.
Putin predicted sanctions would not end soon.
On the Middle East, the Russian leader defended lifting the sale to Iran.
"our Iranian" referring to's nuclear program.
Iran had nation.
On Israeli and Western fears Iran, Putin scoffed.
"is not a threat," he said
A defense. "
Annual is get managed doses on.
Sessions live.
Last year, three hours and 55 minutes.
In 2013, record-setting.
Organizers interest, million.
Critics of the Kremlin slam the entire event democracy.
It's hard to imagine critical question getting aired on.
In fact, it's best not to look at this event as an opportunity for Russians to question their leader at all.
Is a highly, choreographed chance for speak to the world.
"surprise" appearance by Snowden, who was granted asylum in Russia.
(CNN) Dr. Mehmet Oz is defending himself against a group of "lack of integrity" in his promotional work and position.
In a written statement issued last week,, I bring the information to be their best.
Points of view, mine which is conflict of interest.
't well distort facts.
I do GMO,.
On the show next week.
That show was on Tuesday online after tells will not be.
The on Thursday.
A group of 10 physicians from across the country emailed Columbia University that Oz is on the faculty.
To Columbia faculty Sciences Medicine, Dr., said the group is "surprised and dismayed" that Oz is on he.
Vice chair of Columbia University College.
The email was sent by Dr. Miller, University's.
It was signed by nine other physicians across the country, none of whom is affiliated with Columbia.
They accuse Oz of what they call "an egregious lack of integrity by promoting treatments in the interest of personal gain."
They go on to say Oz has "outrageous judgments about what constitutes medical treatments,."
In emailed that shows "disdain for evidence-based medicine, as well as baseless relentless opposition to genetic engineering."
It's worth noting that the FDA reviewing engineered.
An investigation reported in 2011 apple juice was presented as having unsafe levels.
The findings and said was irresponsible.
This is not the first time Oz has been called out.
In the hot seat on Capitol Hill at a June 2014 hearing on false advertising weight.
Sen. Claire McCaskill and chairwoman of the Senate Subcommittee on Product Safety said hearing he was perpetuating it was.
Miller and the other doctors who email is the's having him.
The doctors are in different country community have know.
CNN has reached out to all of them.
Those who have responded say Miller invited them to sign the email.
Florida, Shelley told CNN Miller to Columbia said course.
"He a Columbia him position credence and" she said in a phone interview.
Was a classmate of Miller's at MIT.
Tepper professor at the University School of Medicine former's.
He told CNN he does not have Oz.
Wants to "follow the rules science fact doesn't not."
He and share Oz promotion of "weight loss" show as failure on Oz's part by doctors to do harm.
Gill, professor of cellular at University discussions Henry that Medical School behind I time was him. "
Miller worked in's research medical school.
Any action taken by the, told CNN in an email is "Dr. Oz resign from and he celebrity."
Oz sent an email to CNN last week of the people who complained about Oz.
Integrity and qualifications are pointing fingers at Oz.
For its part, Columbia University Oz.
Spokesman Doug Levy said, "to the principle of academic freedom and to faculty members' freedom for statements they make in public."
Levy added that the university's is it will not take action that hinders statements by faculty members.
University has faculty members -- and in's.
A cardiac surgeon for residency medical school.
He of the Complementary Medicine at New York.
Oz rose to fame after appearances on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" led to the creation of his own show and magazine.
Co-founder of the consumer health website Sharecare.com.
(CNN) The listeria outbreak prompted Bell Creameries to recall their entire product line according to the Centers for Disease Control.
After gradual, all yogurt, sherbet and other could be contaminated with Listeria,.
Bacteria can cause serious infections and.
The CDC eat Blue Bell brand products.
Three people died in four states have fallen ill from the bacteria believed to have come from Blue Bell products, the CDC said Tuesday.
One person became sick,, the CDC said.
People, CDC said.
The agency connected 2010-2015 to the outbreak through a bacteria.
The strain is still unknown, but "the same strain suggests in" said Robert Tauxe, deputy director of the CDC Division of Foodborne Waterborne Diseases.
Tauxe said there may be more people than the CDC knows about.
"one case exists for every case the CDC hears about, he said.
"There may be cases that got looking at the patterns DNA guide us to related," he said.
"different products we see there related cases as well."
Tauxe said the strains found in Texas are different than those found in Oklahoma.
"It looks to us like there was strains related to ice from one factory and another different group to a, said.
Think contaminated. "
Blue Bell decided to all its products after tests showed some of contained listeria.
"had Listeria in" the company said in a statement.
"Listeria was introduced and taken this unprecedented step," the company said.
Listeria,, and what's the risk?
Listeria didn't get into ice cream through uses, Caroline Smith, director of food safety for Center for Science in the Public Interest, told CNN.
But listeria on foods said.
It can live for years such as drains.
Can a drain for years, "she said.
They have to take equipment apart and clean it.
It's a big listeria in. "
Get around and may have out in more than one place
...
The listeria address. "
DeWaal said the listeria linked to Blue in wouldn't spark.
Other culprits, such as cheeses would be considered ice cream because listeria can't grow in frozen temperatures, she said.
"cream wouldn't have been one of the foods in those cases," she said.
Kansas Department of Health said three people in the state died there over the past year,.
Five people sick in Kansas were patients treated at the hospital for unrelated causes, health officials said.
Four of them drank at the hospital made with Blue Bell ice cream, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said.
It's not clear whether the fifth patient at the Kansas hospital also consumed Blue.
In a separate outbreak in Texas listeria 2014.
Tests of listeria "were identical to strains from ice cream at Blue Bell Creameries' Oklahoma facility," the CDC said.
In March, Blue Bell recalled cups, vanilla and strawberry ice cream listeria in one cups.
Earlier this month, the recall expanded to and of ice cream.
This recall is affecting big chain grocery stores.
One ice cream shop in Texas has temporarily closed due to the recall.
John, owner of Waffle Cove, said Blue Bell.
He received a call Monday from Bell local driver will be picking up gallons recalled this week.
"last month," said Hayes
More disappointed. "
The shop owner has dealt with a shortage in flavors, but of his severity.
"It will be at least three weeks for to replace," he said.
Listeria can cause serious people weakened immune systems, the Food and Drug Administration says.
In the United States, an estimated 1,600 people become ill with listeria each year result in death.
Although some people might suffer short-term symptoms, nausea, and diarrhea, miscarriages and.
Blue Bell CEO and President Paul Kruse promised to make sure all products are safe before they go back on sale.
"We're doing the right thing, and the best way is to take all of our products off the market we can," said in a statement on the company's website.
And Blue Bell and customers. "
Blue Bell said new measures will include equipment; facility;; and testing.
(CNN) This week, social media Graham, the single mom pulled her son,, from a riot.
From a group of protesters -- her -- went viral.
Called her a: violence.
Wasn't she also violence?
Her own reaction,,
"Why is America celebrating a?"
Asked Post.
Isn't what leads to violence?
Why rioting?
'm not.
I wish it didn't.
But Baltimore isn't because of mothers like Graham.
In fact, what we need,, are mothers like her.
Mothers who do whatever it takes to protect their children and the increasingly tricky course.
I don't see Graham as an gospel, at least,.
I don't see her as a hero, either.
In a woman who like other mothers of adolescents, mothers whose struggle guiding their kids in a positive direction while helping.
The anger teenager.
As told, told Michael not to join any.
He swore he wouldn't.
But her momma and when she heard that school was closing, she didn't take the chance that he.
She went to the site of the riots to make sure that she could help him stay the course.
She went there so that she could help him.
And when she got there and saw,, she reacted in the way that she would, in that moment, be most effective to get out of there.
And that's.
It's easy to punish a teenager for acting, as it's easy to punish Graham for her Michael.
But's her as a parent.
She knows her son.
And she knows her community, her reality.
She knows that she's the mother of boy living in in a very heated, violent moment.
And she will do anything to protect her son situation out of there.
Can?
An important point missing in how to curb violence: Moms.
More momma types -- mothers who willing to put themselves between their child and danger.
To defy "expert" advice that room make to only stunts their leads.
More than ever are.
Those of us who live in communities that are generally safe can't imagine the level of fear and frustration that the core.
We all face the same obstacles as people who.
We all face the same.
(CNN) a tornado,.
Far.
Tornadoes down near Dallas Ryan Shepard snapped a photo of a down.
A tornado.
It say a mile.
A said emergency in Johnson County, Texas.
One the National Weather Service warned about in a tweet the area causing street flooding.
"To repeat--tornadoes (two) likely E of Rio Vista.
The one to of Rio is a large, damaging tornado, tweeted.
Luckily it tore through countryside, and there have been no reports of deaths.
Surveyors had not been to check for damage overnight because the weather was so bad, Moore said.
There are reports of ripped off -- in Rio Grandview Fort Worth.
Social circulated 18-wheelers.
Tempestuous clouds created disks as a swept.
(CNN) twins drowned after their mother tried to fend off a bee a canal, Arizona police said.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons, Silas and Keslar, along a canal Friday when she tried to,.
"from her into the canal, with the boys belted in," police said.
The canal tried to rescue her said the water the current.
The washed the stroller away.
The canal called for help, police said.
Slowed the flow of water and water to help find the boys, authorities said.
After more than an hour of searching, the toddlers were flown to a hospital, where they were pronounced dead.
"No parent should ever have to lose a child, you know, both at the same time," family friend Marlene Gleim told CNN.
",, were to."
Authorities say the paths along Yuma canals are popular for joggers, but can be dangerous.
"Many typically do not comprehend how swift the canals are and how deep the water can be," police said.
, Nepal) The death toll surged past 3,000 on Monday, a government official said.
The search for survivors from the country's worst disaster in years.
The number of confirmed dead in Nepal stands at 3,218 said.
India has reported 56 deaths, and China another 20.
The death toll is expected to climb further as officials get information from the that of Nepal.
As day broke Nepal was of huge quake.
Damage was everywhere.
Residents wandered the streets of Kathmandu, the capital people now the focus of disaster relief efforts.
People through debris stood seeking family members.
Many of the injured were treated outside overflowing hospitals, where crowds of people gathered looking for relatives.
Dhakal Monday people were reported to have been injured.
One video on Nepal State captured a moment amid the devastation.
Shows uniformed officers rubble, desperately trying to free a man hurt but alive.
Rescuers lift him up,.
A stretcher to safety.
, Searchers have survivors.
As the crucial hours.
The earthquake turned one of the regions into a panorama of devastation.
"The journey in Sitapaila was a quake houses old," wrote journalist Sunir.
"A a monastery had collapsed and to a field," he wrote
"had a motorbike but no trace could be found of.
Everywhere, survivors gathered wherever they could find open space --,, empty roadside lots.
, Nepalis slept shivering in at least from debris.
"The entire city was under darkness," Berry of England wrote CNN affiliate from.
There was not a single light anywhere.
Been cut off.
Gave us some food and some candles.
Me and Alexandra were scared.
Open verandah hotel fearing more quakes in the night. "
Earthquake from social media CNN said Kathmandu "a city where buildings.
People are out in to avoid rubble. "
The hotel're not inside the.
The guests in a big tent functions on.
People in.
There are about 100 people there, "Formanek said.
The tents are covered, but water is seeping from streets puddled with water around the edges. "
Residents of Kathmandu are banding together with food.
"kitchens have been set up for,".
The people set them. "
The city's buildings stood stalwart for a toppled.
Dozens pulled, the historic tower came crashing down during the quake.
A backhoe left its crumbled ruins.
Get powerful aftershock jolted Nepal on Sunday, sending and causing new injuries for residents.
Climbers set off fresh avalanches, where at least 17 people have been killed.
The magnitude of the quake Sunday was estimated at the U.S. Geological Survey,.
Four Americans were among the dead.
Google Dan Fredinburg was one of them.
According to an Instagram sister account, killed Fredinburg on Everest.
Marisa Eve Girawong,, of New Jersey was killed by an avalanche on Everest.
Was working as an Everest doctor for Seattle-based Mountaineering was swept to death.
Making a documentary on Everest when wind avalanche,.
Missing loved ones in Nepal?
Ireport Nepal difficult to deliver relief, efforts are.
Aftershocks are complicating operations.
A team of 260 emergency responders was from's Ben Gurion Airport when an aftershock in Kathmandu delayed its departure.
Agency for International Development's Disaster Response Team, made up of 54 urban search and rescue specialists from,, a plane.
Are to find signs of life after disaster.
The trip take 24 hours precious in survivors are likely.
Are you in or loved ones affected?
Please share if you are in a safe place.
Help the victims Shrestha reported CNN's from Atlanta; Mullen wrote Hong Kong.
A sports car crashed at Walt Disney World Speedway on Sunday, killing a passenger, the Florida Highway Patrol said.
The crash occurred at: 30 p.m. at the, a drive on a racetrack.
The passenger,, Florida, was pronounced dead at the scene, Florida Highway Patrol said.
The driver,, lost control of the vehicle, the Highway Patrol said.
He was hospitalized with minor injuries.
Petty Holdings, which operates the Walt Disney World released a statement Sunday night about the crash.
"On behalf of everyone in the organization, it is with a very heavy heart that we extend our deepest sympathies to those involved in today's tragic accident," the company said.
Petty Holdings also operates the -- a chance to race named for the driver in history.
Lausanne, Switzerland (CNN) There are plenty of details left to iron out, but negotiators took a step Thursday toward a deal aimed at keeping Iran's nuclear program peaceful.
After a stretch of negotiations in Lausanne, Switzerland, diplomats'd come up with an agreement making.
Iran would reduce and scale back its centrifuges, according to the plan.
In exchange, the United States and the European Union would lift sanctions that have crippled the country's economy.
"a deal that meets our objectives," U.S. President Barack Obama said in a speech from the White House.
"This framework would cut off every pathway Iran could take to develop a nuclear weapon."
Make sure Iran complies, he said.
"If Iran cheats," Obama said, "the world will know it."
Points of the world involved in the talks with Iran were the United States.
The United States and Iran, two countries with, negotiations.
Talked officially in nearly four decades.
"I think there was seriousness," Secretary of State John Kerry told CNN in an interview after the framework was announced.
People negotiated hard.
It was tough, very intense, and confrontational.
It was a process very because there is a long history of not talking.
For years, Iranians.
On Thursday broadcast Obama's speech live, many Iranians.
Some Iranians marked the historic moment in U.S.-Iranian relations by in front of the Obama.
U.S. leaders talking tough the agreement.
Kerry stressed that if a deal is reached with Iran, the sanctions.
"And if Iran is complying with the" he said.
Iran didn't seem to be changing its tune, either.
"Iran-U.S. had nothing to do with this.
To resolve the nuclear issue
We have serious differences with the United States, "Foreign Minister Javad Zarif said after the deal was announced, noting that" a serious problem in the talks.
To Iran's enrichment activities, said.
"those.
Iran would accept that, he said.
He said Iran will abide by the he.
Nuclear talks the deal isn't finished.
A June deadline for a final agreement.
An uphill battle to a Congress threatened to.
Already, rumblings of the looming political.
Kerry said he didn't believe Congress would block the deal, telling "."
House Speaker John Boehner in a statement was the administration with tough questions.
"The President says have continue the deal alarming the House," he said Congress.
Obama warned of Congress to stop the deal.
"United will be failure," Obama said
"International unity will collapse."
Obama maintains would shut down Iran's nuclear.
But Netanyahu says is true
"Such a deal would not block's.
It would pave it, he said in a statement.
"would increase nuclear proliferation in the region and the risks a."
Netanyahu lobbying against the talks warning U.S..
Israeli officials vowed against what they called "a framework that will lead to a bad and dangerous agreement."
"an agreement is reached on the basis of this framework, world officials said in a statement.
"This framework to Iran's nuclear program that."
Obama said that he was reaching out to Netanyahu to defend the framework.
"If Prime Minister is looking for the most effective way to ensure that Iran doesn't get a nuclear weapon, this is the best option," Obama said.
Negotiations between Iran and the five permanent members of the Security Council -- China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States -- began in 2006 and have.
Over the years, the push Iran's.
Meanwhile,, the United States, and imposed sanctions on Iran, who called the sanctions a crime.
The challenge all along was: that Iran could nuclear); and accommodate the country -- signer of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons -- to enrich.
The broad outlines of a deal seem to have been clear for some time.
But the details,, sequencing and verification proved difficult to resolve.
Until now.
Hassan Rouhani,, Iran infused the hope, though questions lingered over whether he could persuade the country's hard-liners to accept an agreement.
U.S. leaders over the agreement as envisioned.
A letter signed by senators warned that any deal approved by the Obama.
Denounced such a letter leaders the administration and another country.
Iran's dismissed the letter. CNN's Elise Labott reported from and Mariano Castillo E. wrote Atlanta.
(CNN) He's been part of a popular superhero team since its very beginning.
But something the X-Men.
Wednesday's issue of "All-New" No.
40 reveals the Bobby is gay.
"There are millions of stories of people who, for many different reasons, felt the need to hide" Brian Michael Bendis, who wrote the issue, said in a statement.
"The X-Men,, give us a fascinating personal journeys.
Little chapter of a larger story that will be told. "
In an unusual manner.
In the ", of the X-Men past, younger.
Mutant X-Men original asks Bobby why ", when she knows he is gay.
In comic book pages provided to CNN doesn't immediately acknowledge that.
The of is best known for appearances in the "X-Men" films, as well as Friends. "
The series comics have long diversity, with a, Storm, in the 1970s gay character, married the).
DC Comics has also had prominent gay characters in recent years like original.
Came out as bisexual and Harley Quinn is portrayed that way as well.
Tuesday i i issue just.
No press.
No headlines.
Leaks.
(CNN) clogged voting heating up in the former British colony.
The?
A controversial Beijing-backed election proposal Wednesday that legislators have already sworn to, describing it as "ridiculous."
In a the city's legislature,, the proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017.
The would be approved by a mostly pro-China committee.
Pro-democracy legislators wearing black marched from the chamber as speech.
Some legislators raised umbrellas of the movement.
"Their fake suffrage is an insult to everybody; that's why we refused to stay in"
Hong Kong Democratic Party chairwoman Lau.
Lau said that she and pro-democracy candidates to ensure law.
Hong Kong over what a Special Administrative Region.
The agreement that in 1997 Hong Kong would "high autonomy" under an arrangement called "One Country, Two Systems."
Part of that deal included establishing an election system based on universal suffrage.
Eighteen, the city fight over what universal suffrage means.
Hong Kong argue its proposal fulfills the long-awaited promise of giving each resident the right to cast a vote.
All that's left is for the legislature to approve the proposal, and then everyone can go home,.
Pro-democracy Hong Kongers beg to differ.
"is a election, free to,".
All.
It's horrendous
"majority support this package..
If changed, will vote it down. "
Law, the proposal must receive the support of two thirds of Hong Kong's 70 legislators.
Lau and other pro-democracy legislators a third, they can veto the bill.
If then the city's electoral reform will return.
Hong Kong's leadership warned legislators,.
"We strive," told legislators.
Hope pan-democrats. "
Consensus.
Hong Kong leaders have repeatedly said there is no room for the proposal.
Lau and other pro-democracy will weekend rally against the proposal.
She did not rule out the possibility of a repeat of last year's protests.
"decide civil disobedience said.
"Whatever we do, be peaceful,.
We will do our best. "
(CNN) Australia after two Australians were executed Wednesday.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott called "cruel and unnecessary" because,, had "rehabilitated" during.
Abbott didn't say what permanent actions, if any, would be taken against Indonesia.
"This is a moment but I will be restored," he said.
One of the's, Todung tweeted his apologies.
"I failed.
"said
"I'm sorry."
Indonesian President Joko Widodo shrug that "our legal sovereignty.
We also respect other countries'.
Foreign Minister Retno said the country had response.
"This is a legal case.
A case at this stage, he said.
Six other were executed,, Martin Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte, Brazil's foreign ministry released a statement expressing "deep sadness" at Gularte's execution, President Dilma Rousseff urged her Indonesian counterpart to spare his "psychiatric condition."
Brazilian to be executed in Indonesia this year, with the Archer prompting the country to recall its ambassador.
The originally announced be, but at the moment Filipina Mary spared.
We are so so happy.
I lost my daughter already is so good.
Everyone helped Veloso told CNN.
Said would be returned to Yogyakarta prison in on Wednesday.
It developments in her case late on Tuesday.
Reported Veloso alleged Sergio.
The report said had denied relation to Veloso's case.
's claimed the was the victim of trafficking.
They she she she was told had filled't return to Indonesia with drugs.
Frenchman also scheduled to be executed court.
Vigils were held for Chan ahead of the expected execution.
The's legal stay wasn't to be.
The men -- then in their early twenties -- "" that intended to import 8 kilograms (17.6 pounds).
Failed.
The pair were Indonesia's so-called "execution island" in March, after being given notice of Chan married his longtime girlfriend,, on Monday in prison.
The executions of Sukumaran and Chan came despite this week a court date to hear challenge.
On Tuesday, lawyers for the men said Indonesia's Judicial Commission had yet to properly investigate of their original.
They said Indonesian lawyers had been summoned to the May 7.
Before the executions, insisted that all avenues had closed.
On Tuesday, the prisoners' families were heard as site.
Were extended to give extra time before they were asked to leave.
Under Indonesian law the death penalty is carried out by a squad, three guns are loaded.
Prisoners are given blindfold.
The shots -- aimed at the heart -- fired between 5 and 10 Amnesty.
After the executions, the group released a statement condemning them as "reprehensible" and issue fresh calls for.
Bali have garnered much international attention, their punishment is part of a government effort to combat drug trafficking.
Indonesian President Widodo has insisted that Indonesia would not be swayed by clemency a "drugs crisis."
CNN clemency extended to drug traffickers, an appeal from Chan and their cases been considered.
The two men underwent radical rehabilitation in Kerobokan helping inmates.
Christian meetings inside the Bali prison.
The Indonesian the executions were to go ahead.
Earlier ambulances at the leave Kambangan island where the prisoners were being held.
Showed the prisoners' April.
Families were in doubt ahead.
His death tweeted: "
Your legacy will live on.
I promise.
Heaven.
President Lincoln lost his ardor for United.
In his Second Inaugural address he attempted to salve the nation with an eloquent summation of his putting.
"With for all in the right to the right," he orated, "let us finish we nations' wounds battle cherish a just and lasting peace."
The Lincoln's inaugural on April 9, 1865 -- -- dramatically surrendered approximately 28,000 troops to Ulysses S. Grant () in Virginia.
Over -- alike had perished in the bloody Civil War.
But was about to.
The historic meeting between Lee began with pleasantries about and their mutual service.
The good fellowship was palpable.
Lee, had to remind the Grant.
They at.
Grant ended up being to soldiers.
They would be paroled,.
Rebel officers were allowed to maintain their.
Personal property of Southerners respected.
Even rations were provided by Grant for Lee soldiers.
It was Sunday and reconciliation Grant ordered that no celebration occur within Union ranks.
"The Confederates," Grant wrote, "."
Started the moment Lee left the courthouse Richmond.
Hadn for Lee.
From, his own family property in Arlington had been confiscated (into a Union cemetery lawn).
11,000 acres of Virginia land stripped from him.
With home, Lee rode to,, rendezvousing Lee apartment.
Remarkably, the Lee didn't express bitterness.
Lee that Lincoln had been murdered,, was distraught, calling it "crime" "unexampled" and "deplorable."
Although much remained unresolved between the little became a symbol, just like the "Star Spangled Banner" from the War of 1812.
One post-Appomattox story long was Walker.
After's surrender, Walker, a battle-fatigued Confederate, and journeyed to Georgia, traveling on ragged clusters of Rebel amputees,,.
Upon arriving in Atlanta, Walker found Gen. Sherman's "scorched earth policy."
, Walker's great-grandson,, would Center an, overlooking Atlanta Sherman.
Upon leaving Atlanta, Walker continued south,.
Only to learn that his father died and that the family was teetering on the brink of bankruptcy.
, The main character of "," spoke War lamented that "What lost will not.
Lost.
You're left with only void.
You can go on or not.
But, you carry scars. "
As we reflect on's Virginia Park Service, the Civil War still.
The Mason-Dixon divide.
Confederate (Republican) the Union "" (Democrat) residual Big Federal of the Civil War
While the old spiritual "Chain at Last" was sung by blacks in the Appomattox racism be a crippling scourge.
In Congress Brooks caned Charles of on) gridlock Hill get anything done democracy.
All American.
The McLean house is of national.
As public, the remains the which Grant and Lee truce is history.
While the monstrous Civil War civility of Grant and Lee.
(CNN) A individual has been charged with attempting to carry out an "ISIS-inspired" terror plot, Australian police say.
Five young men were arrested Saturday in Australia, in what police called a major operation.
Two teens, 18 and 19, have been released ", Federal Police said.
Was charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act,.
The person charged Monday is accused in preparation for terrorist acts.
The suspects planned to attack during a, Abbott said Saturday.
"The act was in preparation involved police," he said.
There also police said.
Targeting ceremony centennial I. Abbott avoided the term ISIS Islamic State authorities believed.
Referred to as "Daesh" the acronym that's name in Arabic.
Handle ISIS loathe.
Police also distanced the suspects from any connection.
"are individuals.
They are not national Victoria Police Acting Deputy Commissioner said.
"I think the entire community should be concerned about,",,
"this is an issue not just with law enforcement but the broader community
... We need to get better in identifying young men and type of behavior at the very early stage. "
June, as the the term "transgender" entered mainstream.
"transgender," becoming the first in a State of the Union address.
"" as woman won, while transgender actress "Orange is the New Black" -- who made the cover last year -- was cast in.
Vogue has transgender ending on. "
A character a recurring the "" while transgender activist star a reality this summer.
Bruce Jenner in recent months as the reality TV.
Months of an interview 24 ""
"Are you a woman?"
Sawyer asked.
"Yes," Jenner replied.
Now comes the new Jenner on the, a new name: Caitlyn.
More transgender people, long relegated to society's shadows, are finally stepping into the light.
"a social inflection point on issues,", activist and author on believes
"Civil rights for minorities in fits and starts.
We're on now. "
Opinion to Bruce's story Transgender is an umbrella term for people whose gender identity -- internal, being a man or a woman -- differs's at birth.
Some transgender people, although many don't.
Or roughly the population transgender.
For decades, transgender people be called rarely represented in popular culture.
Recent years have brought the "Dancing with the Stars" contestant,, co-director of "The Matrix"; Jared Leto's Oscar-winning "Dallas Buyers Club"; and "Orange is the New Black," ethnicities and sexualities.
"" and,, national gender identity appears to have reached a new level.
This makes transgender advocates.
Hayden Mora, of the Human Rights Campaign and a transgender man, remains hopeful the growing number of transgender faces weekly into America can only have a positive effect.
"the more transgender people, the more they will accept us
Our tabloid. "
Transgender life: What to know,, activists agree there's a long way to go before transgender people stop.
And who, gender changes can be hard to accept.
Transgender people have long been persecuted -- as recently as 2012, the. "
A recent report by the Human Rights Campaign found that transgender people in the United States are more likely to face discrimination from employers and and.
Many also are from providers such as shelters.
A poll last year found that Americans believe transgender students should use the bathroom of their birth gender.
In December, Attorney General Eric Holder announced that transgender people will receive federal protection under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
But violence against transgender women -- remains a national plague.
According to statistics from the Human Rights Campaign, at least 13 transgender women were slain in the United.
, Black Latina
"We are in a critical moment for the trans movement.
Over the last year we have seen an increase in visibility that was unimaginable, ", executive director of the Transgender Law Center.
It is clear not enough. "
In one case that made national headlines, a transgender teen committed suicide in December after her parents refused to acknowledge her wish to live as a girl.
"Transgender people are still subject to profound discrimination," said Wilchins.
Acceptance is overdue. "
When says' I So what impact will Jenner's story have?
Gender-rights activists speculate.
Some fear Jenner, to Kardashian clan, what is a personal journey for many.
"You wish the best.
At the same time you't being entertainment, said gender-rights advocate.
Yes we're educating people.
We're talking about a civil rights issue that recast as entertainment. "
As a much-hyped event gave millions of viewers exposure to gender-identity and on an issue people.
But it could also trigger a backlash, some say.
Amy Stone, associate professor of sociology and anthropology in San Antonio, Texas, fears Jenner could provoke those who are averse to gay or transgender people.
"tend to use these moments to frighten relying on fears about women or locker rooms," said Stone, author of numerous books about queer politics and culture.
Seoul, South Korea (CNN) didn't laugh when he watched "The Interview."
North Korean defector the ", admitting he couldn't watch the whole film.
Yet he is still sending thousands of copies across South Korea, determined see the movie Kim Jong Un on screen.
"The regime hates because" says.
"He cries and is us and he's assassinated."
Is in the,, with the image beamed out by Pyongyang's machine.
At, Lee makes the border.
He has company.
The South Korean police closely.
After Pyongyang fired on similar they launches.
This irritates Lee
"help towards reunification balloons
"It costs millions of dollars to buy fighter jet which need's for peaceful purposes.
Why me do this cover? "
At 3 Lee ties the bundles.
Timer will release the bundle once in North Korean territory.
He has no way of knowing what will happen the after that.
't North Koreans movie leaflets.
The Pyongyang acts with fury against so-called propaganda some information is the hermit.
"tell the truth in Korea.
But by using these balloons here tell the truth, Lee adds.
The decision to launch the balloons in the dead of night is not just to avoid confrontation with North Korea, but also South Korea's local residents.
After Pyongyang last October and South Korea close have been trying to stop the being in line.
This is week.
A week ago, I wouldn't have anything.
Now to begin.
The first step was choosing a Bible.
Version that I received for the religion award at Rice High School in South Burlington, Vermont.
Series, I'm a Catholic Bible from cover to cover.
The reading is "
After days of week, full of ideas.
With my, reading was a perfect way.
Reading I want to stop.
In, I need to slow down footnotes.
Footnotes my friend.
First of all,.
How did I?
The first chapter is seven with God creating the Earth.
The Earth and clay.
With a CNN colleague, I mentioned how there seems to be fascination in Genesis with dirt and clay.
My pointed out that even Adam's name is a play on the word meaning ground.
It that the chapters with the Earth and it struggle relate.
From Eden and, access seems to be the area of.
Surprise, though, when Seth.
Seth?
Who?
I started asking people if they remembered the Seth.
Is 9 idea who he was.
Turns out Seth is son of Adam who born.
Adam fathered Seth at 130 years old.
Yes, we are getting Bible with life spans that allow of Adam to Abraham
Again,).
Unfortunately, about Seth.
Mentioned, his descendants.
My.
Thank you.
Woman, read more about the women.
Did you know that Eve is the first person named?
(I expected Adam, but he is called "man" in the first references.)
On have tales about "" seeing's taking.
Um?
What?
I never heard that one.
I read a few times and the footnotes.
They say the story is from.
But why?
Take everyone knew at the time and make part.
Would lead to followers.
Many Christians don't cite "" today because it would take too much time to explain.
Maybe I ever recall hearing this passage read.
I read about Noah,,.
I never believed an ark.
I that God dictated the the boat to save the two.
Is a story told to God.
The that had become didn't, "
Ouch!
It really makes on God's good.
"wickedness" of mankind God sounds as if to to,.
"Never because of man, evil from the start
... That reminded me of my favorite saying, "To err is,".
By the time Kim Kardashian set out to November last year, a photo by Conor McDonnell -- with Kim's husband.
The self-taught photography star behind Instagram's photo, showing the at their which has earned more than 2.4 milllion "likes" to date.
The Liverpool native has had a breakneck rise to Instagram, snapping the likes of Mumford & Sons and Red Hot Chili Peppers on private planes.
With stars and Rita Ora followed and candid of the photographer's, have seen over 25,000 followers on his account.
Not Ones to Watch he photography "
Fresh from Calvin Harris on tour in South America, shares tips for anyone take great photos.
Finding the right lighting, to filter: the Instagram videos how for success.
"lighting for makes a shot.
If I'm taking a portrait of someone, I'd use lighting than light! "
"I make use of a lot in, the subject.
There's a find about it. "
's a very bright light and just's dark.
Expose it on the iPhone it dragging the exposure. "
"upload a photo to an app called, edit the brightness and contrast in that a little bit.
And open another app called VSCO Cam, which is my favorite app on my whole phone. "
"there's tons, I use most then sorts Instagram."
London (CNN) potential planets you are going to need a mirror and a golf ball.
For the Webb successor to the for years.
's to be.
Hubble has spectacular images scientists has at its heart and is speeding up.
To how it can see.
Scientists are working on an alternative way to peer into the and search space for life -- scheduled to launch in 2018 on an Ariane 5 rocket.
NASA spokesperson Lynn Chandler told the curtains on and.
"Hubble books and planning to the text books," she said
JWST will answer questions which at the moment we can't think. "
The Webb telescope is a big.
Hubble about the size of a is.
A rocket currently explained: "
Named after James Webb, a NASA JWST is to study the stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe.
NASA says telescope will have detect objects 10 to 100 times fainter than Hubble.
Visible light like Hubble, will work in infra-red, scientists.
A mirror square meters ball of gold (about 1.7 ounces) to it light.
With glass.
But this doesn't come cheap.
According to NASA, the mission is with the European Space Agency (ESA) and the Canadian Space Agency (CSA) and countries,.
NASA has four main goals namely,, birth of planets Scientists hope the telescope will be able to objects years about the Big Bang.
Closer to home, scientists new telescope able to detect planets.
NASA says years, the amount environment.
(CNN) The Arizona police officer who slammed into an armed suspect with his patrol car was far man chose the other option, CNN affiliate.
Officer Michael Rapiejko car Mario Valencia fired.
Valencia walked through a business park, hit the man from the left side of his front.
Valencia, who flew survived and faces charges.
His lawyer has said police used excessive force and killed a man who.
Marana Police Department Rapiejko, was warranted because the suspect had a rifle, ammunition and where work.
Is.
Officer who drove into suspect justified, KVOA obtained police Rapiejko why he chose his weapon.
The officer, who has a cop for a Police Department, said he was yards away from the another officer or bystanders.
"two officers says.
"This is I lethal force encounter.
Go mind to shoot to or I to stop the threat. "
Another officer slowing trailing Valencia ahead of says on if had suspect have taken hostage or killed person.
The car striking Valencia sparking nationwide of police.
Many people commended the officer.
Police have set up a perimeter and talked him into surrendering.
Valencia faces charges including three counts of three counts of possession of a deadly weapon by.
Valencia's attorney,, told "my client."
Pima County Jail scheduled to appear in court again.
Authorities charge.
(CNN) a strand of human hair, room to spare.
The microscopic South African sculptor,, measured just a centimeter and had been called the "smallest."
The world's tiniest woman disappeared to an unknown location, never to be seen again.
While she was being photographed -- the only way to view the -- Trust vanished, with a behind photographer as a clue.
After search, Hurwitz the photographer It was horror.
I 'lost the form was in,' said Hurwitz CNN Watch.
It was. "
It really?
Hurwitz is an entrepreneur-turned-artist who has applied the same tech wizardry to sculpture that he a 500 million.
45-year-old mysterious resin -- "a big scientific secret", says Hurwitz -- created through a process called "."
Karlsruhe University, who focus beams of "zap" resin,.
Sculptures he has --.
A needle and corner.
The "" is just one of science-inspired sculptural experiments.
Explores mathematical, presenting an "anamorphic" sculpture, whose becomes clear in a mirror.
He hints that a forthcoming project will also love world, but the scale.
Who first made his name as UK-based co-founder of "" says he team collaborative art forms.
Accumulating collaborators an talent: "
The creation of artwork to the piece 20 brilliant in their field. "
Desire to bring contemporary art -- the fact that his 3D technology, have been unimaginable.
Online, fans response has been overwhelming, he says, and the internet exhibition.
"galleries match, he says million people his hit the web last year.
"I love the buzz
Launch a piece on the Internet and Google see society millions and millions of people engaging. "
"You put images on the internet and just society,.
And blogs and 'It's art' out behind it...
I love that!
I love influencing. "
Side Hurwitz calls "traditional art" -- accusing him of being just an an artist.
"A lot that I represents the absolute current moment in human development.
It's 3D printing,, to represent the now. "
Says the creation of the its lifecycle. "
The missing woman, has tragically been cut short?
Came back to life during the filming of CNN the video above --,, has taken the absent dancer's place.
Neither was ever there.
Invisible to the naked eye, how can sculpture existed beyond the screen?
This gets to nano-scale: "this''s' to this scale spectrum,,: 'this sculpture there.'
", the sculpture doesn't really allow us to perceive.
(They were huddled of.
Some were without shoes.
Coats and jackets,, were piled up in a container.
The 117 migrants, mostly from sub-Saharan Africa, arrived in the port of Augusta, around 1p.m.
Tuesday, picked up by the tugboat off the coast of Libya.
The seaworthy, captain told me.
The discarded coats, he said, would be thrown away.
To Sicily from Rome following news that as many as 400 migrants had been lost.
Adds to the death toll among those fleeing war in Africa and the Middle East.
So far this year as many as 900 have lost their lives.
Last year at least 3,200 died journey.
International have died fleeing across the Mediterranean.
Thousands, more have making the journey.
This group nearly 10,000 migrants who have arrived on Italian shores since, according to the Italian Coast Guard.
With the onset calmer, migrants.
The group, Gambians.
As they, representatives of the Italian Red Cross did a visual inspection, checking,, any sign of illness.
One woman,, was two months pregnant.
His from Nigeria, he left his home months ago.
He paid human traffickers 1,000 Libyan dinars,.
For him.
I asked 28-year-old Jibril, from Gambia, why he left home.
"It's like Europe," he told me.
, Have to.
In Gambia, I couldn't.
My family, they don't have nothing.
They are poor people. "
Mercy from Kano in northern Nigeria, seemed shell-shocked.
Voice she told me she had left because her family that would be taken by Boko Haram.
"I was scared," from told the journey.
"I risk.
Either I enter Europe or I die. "
Another man worked in Libya,.
That a group of Syrians make the journey to Italy in the coming days.
It seems the victims of the multiple tragedies and woes of Africa and the Middle East -- war -- are washing up on the shores of Italy.
The unrest, upheaval and over the seem to be coming together to remind those who have enjoyed Europe's island.
The migrants in has been taken in by the Italian authorities.
They fed, medical treatment and will migrant Italy.
Most will move north, to countries like the Netherlands and the where in Italy.
Others will stay in Italy, trying to eke out a living in economy vendors and beggars.
(CNN) proud.
Established on the the Liberland -- the world's newest founded on a noninterference.
A tiny, square-kilometer parcel of land,, its territory abuts border Serbia and Croatia.
Victim of a border dispute between Serbia and Croatia, is claimed by -- a no-man's land.
Which is heavily access roads for decades.
This Euroskeptic Czech stepped in.
On April 13 he flag in declaring the area the Republic -- of, the Vatican and Monaco.
He tells CNN that country will be formally founded and inviting, through the media, the heads of state to ceremony presumptive nation's birth.
He says he invite applicants that applied to to the ceremony, he will grant them citizenship.
"grant if they can make it to," he told CNN
"a good also for the state can make founding."
Jedlicka, an active's opposes government.
He says his country led to the political experiment.
It a global revolution.
Just the beginning CNN.
Libertarian -- its motto website describes its system of governance "."
It will use of cryptocurrency -- Bitcoin -- as its national currency, bypassing the need for a central bank, according to constitution government's of possible to prostitution.
Economic freedom is guaranteed, significantly not interfere much newest document.
Financial, if at all.
Jedlicka says almost 300,000 citizenship, which.
"Thousands of Americans,.
A lot of who the there. "
He envisions a community of 35,000 Liberlanders, all of whom will.
He says he expects trouble from effectively annexed.
"From,, we expect some laws movement, we will nothing resistance.
) we will docks. "
For its part, the Serbian Ministry of Foreign Affairs released a that that would its border is delineated by the, but "this frivolous comment."
's counterpart was similarly dismissive.
Ol Pejeta Conservancy Kenya (CNN) looks like rhino agile,.
He grazes under, his massive ground, at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in central Kenya.
When he enclosure, he the sprawling savannah.
Sudan rhino.
He's the last male northern white rhino left in the entire world.
Animal on the verge of extinction, the subspecies rests on his two female white rhinos at the conservancy.
Sudan's female companions,, live at the conservancy, where experts are to ensure extinct.
The animals are under 24-hour protection by guards.
Rhinos poachers in Asia horns cure ailments.
Experts say the rhino is more lucrative.
In addition to round-the-clock security, the conservancy has put radio transmitters on the animals and incognito rangers to gather intelligence on poaching.
The is also raising funds rangers the rhinos.
At 42, Sudan is elderly in.
15, is spring, while Najin is 25.
Northern rhinos are age might be a factor, says the veterinarian
"is currently old and may not be able to naturally and mate with," he says.
He has low sperm efforts say.
Najin, but legs may be unable to support a male.
"has been recorded mating last few years, but conceptions,".
Animals have a cycle recorded. "
If soon, the beloved animal will go extinct.
Rhinos on a across borders race experts are to try the subspecies.
The northern white rhino cannot mate with a black rhino, but there is a chance it could mate with a southern white rhino, says.
While southern endangered Pejeta has northern white rhino genetically.
Though the offspring would not be 100%, it experts say.
At the conservancy is also looking at alternative reproduction techniques, including in vitro fertilization.
"In other countries, success has been achieved with embryo transfer in different technique to,".
Ongoing reproductive on the way. "
Bringing rhinos back to Uganda, one calf at a time to preserve the northern white rhino is dire.
"Realistically, we are looking at these animals in the next decade or so.
But hopefully, using of reproduction, we bring them back in the future, Paul says
"that the current animals are deceased could happen."
The conservancy acquired northern white rhinos -- two males and two females -- in 2009 from.
Other male northern rhino at the, died last year.
Another,, died at the Zoo last year, bringing the subspecies to extinction.
There are northern rhinos left in the wild.
Of five remain in captivity: in Kenya, each.
But a of.
(CNN) When drinkers's Padre, Texas order.
It comes in a yellow-labeled bottle with a demon on it.
It tastes chewing gum.
Fireball lately it's been hot as.
"Fireball one.
's shot, said Belue, who enjoys it.
"average probably."
If you're young, 35 --.
Fireball, in its current form, is the fastest-growing brand of liquor.
Retail sales more than doubled and Fireball has come to become the sixth-most popular liquor in the U.S. -- ahead of Jim Beam, Jose Cuervo.
And include sales in bars where Fireball America's party shot of.
Social media of Fireball-flavored revelry #
"Fireball is an incredible phenomenon.
The growth just been astounding, said Lew Bryson, Whisky Advocate author.
A whiskey unprecedented. "
To the uninitiated, is made from Canadian whisky,, with sweetener.
(The "whisky whiskey" American.)
Its slogan is "Tastes like heaven, burns like hell," but that's an exaggeration.
Has a, but it doesn't burn as much as straight whiskeys, or its name.
Alcohol --
It's easy to drink.
It's very sweet.
At, said a bartender in Atlanta.
People who do, they do Fireball.
Popular many say they like it.
But not everyone is a fan.
Whiskey enthusiasts -- who can talk about Scotches -- their noses at the stuff.
"I be honest:".
. "
Fireball.
It used to be known as Fireball Whisky before its maker, Sazerac Co., rebranded it.
Sales, when Sazerac hired a "national brand ambassador," Pomes, to spread the word about Fireball through bartender.
In other words, Pomes traveled in bars.
He started vibrant bar cultures such as Austin and Nashville and.
, Pomes shared his Fireballing exploits on Twitter and encouraged the same.
Soon, started gaining traction.
Then.
From $2 in last year, according to market research.
, Sazerac has cultivated social Fireball hashtags WhiskyWednesday.
More than 85,000 followers on Twitter and Instagram -- the whiskey tequila.
It taped a GoPro camera to a of the and filmed dozens from a wedding.
The video has more than YouTube views.
"Our fans love it, and they spread the word.
The Fireball nation is devoted and marketing,, public relations manager for Sazerac, who declined for the brand.
Humbled. "
So is Fireball a future cornerstone of or just?
Too soon to say.
Sales remain strong,'s has in recent months.
's from several fronts.
The past year has brought copycats, bourbon whiskeys with syrup, along with cinnamon, other.
Fireball also recalled liquor one of its ingredients: propylene glycol, a chemical used in a variety of products, and.
That propylene glycol exists "" -- the FDA -- and reassured that Fireball is "absolutely safe to drink."
Then there's the question its success.
Young consumers, anecdotal getting it.
"It reached a point where I couldn't drink it anymore," said Jones,.
"it was sugar."
Still, remains on display people gather.
Raised, makes a shots,.
It's an easy.
You can.
Need a chaser, said Davis,.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) A suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters on Thursday, killing 17 people and wounding dozens more, police said.
An Afghan lawmaker taking was among the 64 people wounded, said provincial police chief.
Taliban group was responsible for the attack.
Organization has claimed responsibility.
, An Afghan member of, were on their way to join a rally against the provincial governor, according to, an eyewitness.
The suicide attack hit the local time.
CNN's Masoud Popalzai reported from Kabul, Hong Kong.
(CNN) a been has led to the arrest of -- a mother -- and a search for the girls,, police in Las Vegas, Nevada, said.
The investigation began when infant of 17-year-old was taken to Hospital suburban, authorities said.
Police arrested the teen mother bodily.
She was taken to a juvenile facility.
Police department told that the "infant did not receive the proper nourishment at the time, which is what led to the arrest of the 17-year-old."
A day later, a search warrant was served at the family's home.
That's when police found the 3-year-old girl had apparently been dead "" according to police.
The mother child sister according to a police statement.
The parents left the home several months ago with children, ranging in age from 1 to 9 years old,, "left the 3-year-old child and 17-year-old sister at the residence alone."
Authorities are seeking the parents,.
Police say the five children with them may be in danger.
"We believe they went to California and may have gone and this multiple month they left," Patty said.
No was issued, according to police, the 4-month-old.
Phillips, who child are being sought for questioning.
"We are asking for these two individuals," said.
"We believe they can on led to the death of this child."
The 4-month-old infant was reported hospitalized in critical condition.
After weeks of testimony, jurors are set to begin deliberations Tuesday in the trial,.
The prosecution made closing arguments Monday.
"The defendant brought terrorism into the and main streets, said.
"The defendant thought more important than the people.
He wanted to the mujahideen,, chose Monday for families to watch the marathon.
Bomb and victims comforted in court.
Tsarnaev fidgeted at the table as he has done throughout the trial.
Bill Richard, father of bomb victim Martin Richard, craned his neck to watch Tsarnaev as the.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev "chose a day when the eyes of the world would be on Boston," Chakravarty said.
There the sidewalks and he and. "
The lawyer a beat.
He wanted to terrorize this country.
What it was doing. "
The prosecutor showed a picture of Tsarnaev and his brother in the marathon crowd.
Of the bombings, Chakravarty said, "
Mujahideen and Boston. "
Tsarnaev, 21, stands accused of 30 counts of mass destruction at.
Seventeen of those counts carry a sentence of death or life imprisonment.
If Tsarnaev is found guilty of at least one of capital counts, the trial will proceed to a second phase, the so-called penalty phase.
The trial will include aggravating and mitigating factors, and will weigh elements especially heinous details from Tsarnaev's background and mental health history in his favor.
Called 92 the defense just.
It seemed a.
"He was there," defense conceded as the trial opened the had the Tsarnaev.
The prosecution on Monday played a graphic video of the scene of chaotic scene with injured.
A child heard.
's,.
Then another photo is displayed.
Time jurors see Tsarnaev standing behind the family of little.
"These weren't,".
"were.
What was do.
Quoted Richard Martin, who testified, "we were unlucky that day."
Nothing to do with the Boston bombings, the prosecutor said.
"This was intentional, terrorist," he said.
The brothers' day intended, he said, "to make a point.
To, 'We won't be terrorized by you.
Terrorize you.'
"Tsarnaev,,
"was repeated during her closing argument Monday.
"In the past few weeks we have come face to face with suffering and grief in us," she said.
"words and cries.
There is no excuse. "
She acknowledged in a senseless act. "
But only, she insisted.
"If not for Tamerlan, it would not have happened,".
The 26-year-old former Golden Gloves boxer wage jihad and his was just along for the ride, the defense has said.
, Prosecutor Weinreb told jurors not to be distracted by the defense's attempt to point the finger at. "
"There should be no doubt in your mind that the defendant and his brother are equally guilty," he said.
They were partners in crime. "
Pointed out that bombing Tsarnaev went.
"into a murderer.
To shred women and children with a homemade bomb, to other people, "
Murder to Whole? "
From the start, presented a compelling case in which 19 were vividly brought to life.
The bombing survivors and first responders described courage and compassion amid chaos.
The final moments of three Boston Marathon spectators who died were recounted.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev set off a bomb made from a explosive powder from fireworks nails near the finish line.
That bomb, which exploded near, claimed the life of, a 29-yeaer-old restaurant manager.
, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev detonated a second, similar bomb outside the, a block away.
That blast killed Richard, and,, graduate student.
Chakravarty grew Monday as he recalled Richard's 69-pound body "was shattered,.
There wasn't a body that wasn't destroyed. "
"received blast injuries all over her body.
Her leg was torn open and out. "
Died "massive blast to her extremities.
Were.
The police officer killed after the had. "
He was shot between the eyes.
"They assassinated him."
Killed for his service safety.
Meng told the jury about 90 minutes one who involved in the marathon bombing.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev.
Police fired at the when device in Meng's Mercedes and Watertown.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev struck Tamerlan, who was wounded when he police in car.
Tamerlan died of his injuries.
"Tamerlan wanted, said.
"was ready.
The defendant had other plans. "
Dzhokhar stolen and sought shelter in a dry-docked in a trailer in a backyard in Watertown.
As he, he used a pencil to scrawl what prosecutors called a "manifesto" in which he said he was jealous of dying as a martyr and.
He lashed out he Muslims I evil.
One body, one. "
Prosecutors also gleaned from searches of the brothers' computers Qaeda.
Purchase of, ammunition and Tamerlan.
Boston (CNN) After weeks of dramatic and testimony in the Boston Marathon bombing trial, jurors.
But they haven't reached a verdict yet.
The jurors two are to be addressed when they return to court Wednesday morning.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, the accused Boston Marathon bomber, faces life in prison or the death penalty.
A bomb exploded an 8-year-old boy.
The killed a graduate student.
The jurors heard more horror from 2013.
One point after bomb exploded injured everywhere the child.
His mother lost.
"The defendant brought terrorism into the and main streets, said.
"The defendant thought more important.
The mujahedeen, the warriors chose,, a time for families to watch the marathon.
Attorney Clarke tried her client's older brother, who died in a shootout with police days after the terror attack,.
, Clarke said,.
"If not for Tamerlan, it would not have happened,".
Bomb and victims comforted in court.
Tsarnaev fidgeted as he throughout the trial.
Bill Richard, father of bomb victim Martin Richard, craned his neck to watch Tsarnaev as the.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev "chose a day when the eyes of the world would be on Boston," Chakravarty said.
There the sidewalks and he and. "
The lawyer a beat.
He wanted to terrorize this country.
What it was doing. "
The prosecutor showed a picture of Tsarnaev and his brother in the marathon crowd.
The day of the bombings, Chakravarty said, "
The mujahedeen Boston. "
Tsarnaev is accused of 30 counts of mass destruction at.
Seventeen of those counts carry a sentence of death or life imprisonment.
If Tsarnaev is found guilty of at least one of capital counts, the trial will proceed to a second phase, the so-called penalty phase.
The trial, and details Tsarnaev's health favor.
Called 92 the defense just.
It seemed a.
"" the trial opened the jury to Tsarnaev.
Jurors were shown a photo of Tsarnaev standing by a family of Martin.
"These weren't,".
"were.
He knew what that bag was designed to do.
Chakravarty Martin earlier testified, "we were unlucky that day."
Nothing to do with the Boston bombings, the prosecutor said.
"This was intentional, terrorist," he said.
The brothers' day intended, he said, "to make a point.
To, 'We won't be terrorized by you.
Terrorize you.'
"has maintained that Tsarnaev, 19 and fell under the sway of his older, radicalized brother.
"In the past few weeks we have come face to face with suffering and grief in us," Clarke said.
"words, screams and cries.
There is no excuse. "
In a senseless act. "
Tamerlan Tsarnaev boxer,, the defense maintained.
, Prosecutor Weinreb told jurors not to be distracted by the defense's attempt to point the finger at. "
"There should be no doubt in your mind that the defendant and his brother are equally guilty," he said.
They were partners in crime. "
Weinreb pointed out Tsarnaev.
"into a murderer.
To shred women and children with a homemade bomb, you have to be people, the prosecutor said.
, Murder 20 and Whole Foods? "
Tsarnaev From the start, prosecutors presented a compelling case in which the horrors life.
The bombing survivors and first responders described courage and compassion amid chaos.
The final moments of three Boston Marathon spectators who died were recounted.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev set off a bomb made from a 6-quart cooker,, near the finish line.
That bomb, which exploded near,, a 29-year-old restaurant.
, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev detonated a second, similar bomb outside the, a block away.
That blast killed Martin, and,, graduate student.
Chakravarty grew soft Monday as he recalled the body "was shattered,,.
There wasn't a body that wasn't destroyed. "
"received blast injuries all over her body.
Her leg was torn open,.
Died "massive blast to her extremities.
Were.
The police officer killed after the had. "
He was shot between the eyes.
"They assassinated him."
The brothers allegedly killed the 26-year-old for his service couldn't a safety.
Case with photos and testimony Dun told the jury minutes one who involved in the marathon bombing.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev.
Police fired at the when device in Meng's Mercedes and Watertown.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev struck Tamerlan, who was wounded when he police in car.
Tamerlan died of his injuries.
"Tamerlan wanted, said.
"was ready.
The defendant had other plans. "
Dzhokhar stolen and sought shelter in a dry-docked in a trailer in a backyard in Watertown.
As he, he used a pencil to scrawl what prosecutors called a "manifesto" in which he said he was jealous of dying as a martyr and.
He lashed out he Muslims I evil.
One body, one. "
Prosecutors also gleaned from searches of the brothers' computers Qaeda.
And they traced pressure cookers ammunition and appeared to have.
Delhi An international human rights group is calling for an independent investigation of the killings by police of red India.
"a investigation to determine whether the police used excessive force, and,, said Amnesty International.
Police are be treated. "
Responsible should according.
"not except when in order to protect life," Vp said.
A police official,, declined comment Wednesday, saying an "investigation is still going on."
The incident took place Tuesday in India's southeastern Andhra Pradesh state.
Forest officials near the Tirupati spotted cutting trees, Rao said.
The forest officials were called for.
"We saw several," Rao said said.
"prepared and were heavily armed."
Rao said that the more than 20 smugglers.
The state said.
Amnesty claiming, the suspects attacked.
"no police official was injured, statement said
"suspected were shot in the back."
Amnesty, India's Human Rights Commission said "serious violation" and "the opening of firing ground since the lives of 20 persons."
Asked police to explain the actions of the forest officials,.
Police said sandalwood smuggling is common in the area.
Reporting a the Andhra Pradesh government.
The officer charged in the shooting of an unarmed black man in South Carolina has fired anger.
A video shows Officer Michael Slager, who is white, firing eight shots at 50-year-old Walter Scott as Scott has his back to him and is running away.
Scott, who was unarmed, was struck.
The FBI is investigating, and once again, police has sparked outrage.
"sickened" police Chief told reporters Wednesday.
News, chanted "No justice!
No peace! "
Called Mayor Keith Summey.
Summey told reporters that the city has ordered an additional 150 body cameras "officer on the street" in the city.
That is in cameras already ordered, he said.
Just before the conference was set to begin, demonstrators walked in.
They were led by a man wearing a "Black Lives Matter" T-shirt who shouted, "This is what democracy looks like!"
Of the Michael Brown case in Ferguson, Missouri, an unarmed black teenager was killed by a police officer.
A grand jury declined.
But agreed that Scott's case's race was a factor.
"so we can't state that," Scott attorney said
"I think it would be irresponsible to say that and try and inflame a community or anything of that nature."
An autopsy of Scott "" and his homicide, said.
Asked whether CPR was performed Scott shot him, "In the end the believed police officer the the of life-saving (procedure)."
To but hand over to the Law Enforcement Division, according to a release from Scarlett Wilson, the Judicial Circuit.
Wilson said is subject to say stated "My role is to hold accountable those who harm others,.
This does not dictate nor comment upon police policy,.
, Sworn to serve and violate the public trust. "
Slager pulled Scott over on a,.
The the video shows.
Words exchanged between Scott and are not audible on the tape.
It's unclear what happened before Scott started to run he ran.
The officer said a Taser Scott tried to.
"fired and said police.
"Taser."
Before the officer started firing his gun, a dark object.
It's not clear whether the Taser.
In the video, when the officer approaches's body, a dark object.
It's not clear whether the Taser.
Scott took or whether the officer picked it closer to the body.
Scott's brother Anthony saw the video, the officer told CNN.
"There was a Taser, Scott said.
"I believe my brother would have done that."
To Scott, the videotape shows his brother was "running for his life" from the officer.
"was was shot, no one," Scott said.
The video shows Walter Scott attempting to run away.
His officer officer.
A man walking on Saturday recorded video.
That man,, spoke to NBC.
He said there had been a struggle between the two men before recording that the officer.
Asked about has been charged with murder, Santana said happy.
"He and Mr. Scott also.
But, you know, he made a bad decision.
Life, told NBC Holt
Mr. Scott didn't.
And there were that to get him arrested.
That that. "
If convicted of murder, Slager could face life in prison or the death penalty.
Is Officer?
"People pointing out how gunning down Mr. Scott," South Carolina Rep..
# WalterScott received mentions on Twitter in Wednesday;.
, Is MichaelSlager.
Bamberg said he hasn't heard anyone to protest.
He and Scott stressed they don't want that to happen.
"Things are now, and this officer is in the process of being prosecuted," said, imploring anyone listening to him CNN "let the justice process run its course."
That was echoed by Scott's mother, who said "."
"He was a loving son, a loving father.
No matter what, it will not Judy Scott told CNN.
The Justice Department said it would "take appropriate action in light of the developments in the state case."
"The South Carolina Federal Bureau of Investigation has opened an investigation with the Law Enforcement Division and are," the Justice Department said in a statement.
The Civil Rights Division and the South Carolina U.S. Attorney's Office will the investigation. "
Violated the Justice Department's investigation.
Slager remains behind bars.
He was denied bail at a bond hearing Tuesday, CNN reported.
Will circuit court sets, a court spokesman told CNN.
Court hearing.
According to, initially said attorney David Aylor followed the policies and procedures.
Aylor later told CNN that he no longer represents the officer.
It's not clear whether Slager has a attorney.
A CNN examination of Slager's police job application indicates he has been an employee of the North Charleston Police Department.
Wearing his police uniform, uniform.
Who?
(CNN) main similarity is that the officer and the victim was black and unarmed.
That police shootings mild resemblance.
What changed the shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, in North Charleston, South Carolina?
Backlash and Ferguson shooting influence the handling of the Charleston incident?
But here are cases police.
Ferguson: Officer shot after struggled over the shooting had --.
Charleston: Though's the moments a bystander began on Scott was not Officer opened fire away.
Takeaway: was a ground for speculation -- a stark divide between those who said Wilson was justified and those who said slain emerged in the Scott shooting.
Tough for officer shooting a fleeing man in the back in prompt charges against officer Carolina after headed off violence that in Ferguson as the process of determining Wilson's fate dragged on for months.
Residents in the by the time of three city's was only one African-American member of the.
(more African-Americans in this week's city.)
North Charleston's an even split, with census data from 2010 showing the city is 47% black and 42% white.
Of the city's police department is been 80% black.
10 City Council members are black.
The officers on North Charleston more closely mirror its population than does Ferguson,.
As for the city, the latest election in Ferguson its more representative than North Charleston's.
Too much emphasis on percentages, there are variables to consider policing methods,.
Changing the racial makeup of officers taught the practices.
"Black people and to have officers black officers," he said.
I want police officers who are doing the job properly.
Need policing if we believe proper force in our neighborhoods. "
Ferguson: video of Brown's death concrete evidence witness claims transpired.
North Charleston's would have fired and charged with murder so for video shot by witness Santana.
Even Charleston's police chief said he was disgusted by the footage of Scott's shooting.
Not only does the video show Slager firing eight shots, it also shows him placing Scott.
That could be significant because Slager initially said Scott had taken his Taser and he feared for his life.
If investigators dropped next to's could be accused.
The: Ferguson resident Templeton said what happened in her city helped people across the country.
The video of the North Charleston shooting, she said, is vital.
"If there is no video, it sounds would happen in," she said.
Video say it's not happening "
Protests in Ferguson were marred by looting, arson and shootings.
Violence erupted again in November after Darren Wilson, the officer who shot Brown,.
After Ferguson's two officers were shot during a protest at the Ferguson Police Department.
North Charleston killed in the weekend,.
Some Ferguson residents say what happened North Charleston is its own tragedy.
Lee Smith, who recently made an unsuccessful bid for a Ferguson City Council seat, said he was glad to see authorities charge.
"I am hopeful their motives are right and they avoid the types in Ferguson," Smith said.
Ferguson: It took police days to identify Wilson as the officer in the shooting, then-police chief Thomas Jackson decided to.
Jury charges merit -- civil rights prosecutor in case presenting both sides the officer.
North Charleston: Slager was charged with murder on Tuesday, two days after video with.
Mayor Keith Summey denounced the shooting and said made a "bad decision."
Police chief also's.
"When you're wrong, you're wrong
A bad decision -- if you're or the street -- you have to live by. "
Former Ferguson Mayor Brian Fletcher said influenced.
"said on Ferguson council
Here in Ferguson.
Every mayor is what they say and what they do. "
Ferguson Brown's death in August, body camera.
The shooting spurred a nationwide debate over officers.
Later body cameras for officers.
North Charleston was not wearing a body camera when he killed Scott.
But mayor said the city was ordering an additional 150 body cameras "every officer" in the city.
's in addition to body cameras ordered said.
The takeaway: Not everyone agrees that officers should wear body cameras.
Police have the, and American.
They're also expensive.
Several cost at least $500 and footage $20,000 a year.
But National Urban League President Marc Morial said more body cameras will help protect not just the public, but also police.
"I think if actions are recorded on a consistent basis, it's going to protect good officers who do the right thing," Morial said.
"it's going to if, bad actions by officers."
(CNN) concerns, Boston released video Friday of the shooting of a police officer that resulted in the killing.
Officer wounded, is white.
Angelo, the gunman shot by officers,.
After the shooting, leaders where were quick to call for calm.
One said officers.
Still, they were glad to see the video released for transparency.
People Mr. West made put his life in jeopardy, told CNN affiliate WCVB.
, Police said.
A former Army Ranger was honored at the White House for his heroism in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombing.
"Cop" helped officer wounded in the.
Became a gunshot victim when he officers unmarked cars, but with blue lights flashing, West was driving.
When opened the driver door,, West sprang out and fired a shot at the officer.
As ran away, he fired at the officers police said.
They returned fire and killed him.
Moynihan, 34, survived a bullet wound one eye.
He was placed in a medically induced coma at a Boston hospital.
Saturday, was released from the hospital.
"His condition is best described Boston police said in a statement.
The shooting have not only also concerned strangers speedy. "
A woman driving by at the time of the shooting suffered.
She was not identified.
The were arrested on charges.
"our officers like to use firearms," Police said at the time.
"thing we have to do in, officers is shot."
In April 2013, Moynihan was among officers who helped save., during a gunfight.
In the, police fired within five minutes.
Moynihan and other Massachusetts officers cited for their "" life-saving Donohue, who nearly lost entire blood on the street.
President Barack Obama honored Moynihan and other Top Cops. "
After Moynihan was wounded, police local leaders sought to allay community concerns at a time when shootings have led to protests throughout the nation.
Scott, of the Alliance of Greater Boston, said was shot "."
He called for calm in Roxbury.
"This is not about 'Black Lives Matter,'" he said,.
"'All Lives in the Matter,' police responding to concern from community."
(CNN) with his firearm rather than his stun gun, heard at the suspect after he was shot in normal the of, Tulsa.
Tulsa Police Sgt.
County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates shot Harris -- who had officer -- trying to handgun.
As deputies, Bates arrived with a gun in hand.
He warned deputies to use a Taser on the suspect,, Clark said, citing a recently released video.
Attributed actions to a phenomenon known as slip. "
A gets behind an automatic transmission.
Left when stopping even clutch pedal, he said.
Quoting Lewinski of Science, Clark further explained "mistakes that are made when you are doing one thing but doing another, the result is directly opposite of what you intended.
Your intended behavior slips that you go captured by a and a. "
Taser the trigger only once was trained, said.
"" firing, he said.
Out of Bates' hand because, Clark said, and Bates expressed that he.
Lewinski again,, is and capture.
Time to a draw Taser off, so captured and completed by a more well-rehearsed program
...
He was not conscious of the shot.
In, was focused exclusively on, he intended the Taser.
Because the feel of the gun Taser.
This case the gun and nearly identical. "
Clark was emphatic that Bates had done nothing criminally wrong as reserve deputy.
"Reserve Deputy Bates did not.
Reserve Deputy Bates a,, he said.
Could. "
When they set up the sting, police evidence on camera.
They recorded the Harris cameras roll as the suspect and was fatally shot.
Sheriff's Office on Friday.
The shooting accident.
In the last minutes of the video, on with police.
An a in an electric sound gunshot rings out.
A voice can be heard saying, "
I shot him!
I'm sorry! "
Officer screams "He shot him!
He shot him! "
Harris, is bleeding,, too.
He's losing his breath, he says.
Officer yells back
"You!
Shut up! "
He yells
"k breath," he said.
Clark defended the officer's language, saying the deputy experienced auditory heard the gunshot the suspect.
No the shooting was justified, Clark said.
"One deputy thought he was going to have to shoot this person at the.
Upsetting you are going to have to take life deputy, one of the deputies,, "he said.
"this is stress.
They are suspect that they have no idea this person is armed. "
They did shot time.
They had audio.
They couldn't hear.
They didn't hear the gunshot.
Officers know Harris. "
An officer can be seen in the video off an object lying Harris.
Shortly after the suspect is shot, officers begin tugging Harris'.
Harris later died at a local hospital.
Police the shooting scene under the influence,.
The video is faces.
Harris visible.
Minutes earlier, Harris into had.
"What's up?"
Greet.
Without missing a beat, Harris rummages deep in a backpack and.
Every few seconds, he looks around outside nervously.
That gun, the undercover officer says.
It's a "," tells him.
He quickly and a car pulls up to the truck.
In, Harris bolts out the door and sprints off.
"He's running; he's running, he's running!"
Officer says.
As police right, "" adding found the chase.
Another video from an officer's body camera picks up the chase.
Officer jumps out of a vehicle and on foot,.
He tackles the suspect.
The "I need you to on.
Now! "
Officers appear.
Calls "Taser!
Taser! "
The gun discharges.
Inside the truck, two men are conversing.
"He his Taser," one of them says as the other curses in frustration.
In a woman, no no! "
Harris had come to the.
Police said that Harris had reached for his waistband, and officers.
When Harris was on the ground, he refused to underneath his body near his waistband, said.
The officer's body camera Harris.
Bates, a former police officer, was placed on administrative leave after the shooting, the sheriff said.
A factor shooting It's happened to 21-year-old law enforcement officers.
To 30-year-old.
Not a consideration for the events.
Despite the details released over the weekend, Harris' brother says he want answers.
"I want to know if he was shot accidentally or on purpose.
All not but wants told CNN.
Bates' attorney,, told CNN on Friday later.
A statement called Sunday.
(CNN) Two pieces of audio recorded the aftermath of a deadly police shooting in South Carolina.
Michael Slager can be heard in.
The police officer is charged.
The unidentified talks to happen.
"Once they get here real quick.
They're gonna interview you then.
They're not gonna ask you any.
"officer says
It'd probably be pumping. "
Slager responds "," then laughs.
The second, taken from dash cam video from patrol car, phone call his wife.
He: "
Hey,?
I just shot somebody. "
"He Taser yeah.
"Slager
From me
...
. "
The officer faces up to the death penalty, although case appears unlikely.
"Based on the facts thus far, it does not appear South Carolina's death penalty applies in this case because there are no present," who is the prosecutor for the the state, said on her Facebook page.
Slager phone video emerged, at Scott ran away.
Who was Walter Scott?
Pierre Fulton was with Scott before the shooting.
"Walter was a dear friend and I miss him every day," Fulton said in a statement given to ABC News.
"he helped me and."
"I never know why but I know he didn't deserve to die," Fulton said
"Please and his family prayers and respect my privacy."
With police Scott death has race.
Scott was black; Slager is white.
The case brought to light's job is being questioned.
On Monday, attorneys for Wilson were in traffic stop.
During, three officers -- -- pulled Wilson out of his car.
Was then allegedly shocked with a gun.
The suit claims Slager used excessive force.
Slager was a police complaint in 2013 ", according to the Charleston Police Department.
The a suspect was 5-feet-5-inches tall.
The man confronted was 6-feet-3 inches tall.
Givens, the man who filed the complaint, said that a lawsuit.
Givens said Slager ordered Tased.
Slager was later cleared in that incident.
Tulsa, Oklahoma (CNN) The Tulsa County deputy who shot and killed a man instead of using his Taser now faces a manslaughter charge.
Video Reserve Deputy Robert Bates is after an April 2 shooting Harris.
A Tulsa County District is charged with second-degree manslaughter negligence.
That could land the deputy found.
Scott Wood, an attorney who represents Bates, said the shooting was an "excusable homicide."
"the video proves that an accident occurred Wood said
"He is not guilty of second-degree manslaughter."
Efforts to defend Bates and other deputies involved in the arrest have sparked a mounting chorus of criticism.
Harris family is demanding an investigation of what they call brutality.
They're also questioning why Bates as a deputy -- the scene in sting.
Attorney representing the Harris family, said big money play in spare time.
"It's absolutely mind boggling that a businessman who's been to some outlaw cleaning up the streets," he said.
Wood said -- who donated video to the Sheriff's Office -- had all the training and had participated in more than 100 operations with the force he shot Harris.
But he never been deputy arresting suspect, Wood said situation officers during the arrest.
"Probably in the past four of five years he has been the task force he has been on () in 100 or warrants where he was on the perimeter," Wood said.
"He never an arrest team or who is for of suspect.
More a support. "
Officer for the 1960s, had a with 300 community policing experience, according to the Sheriff's Office.
He was also a frequent contributor to the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office 2,500 to Sheriff.
Sheriff Maj. Shannon Clark denied that Bates had to, describing him as the community who contributed to the agency.
", Bates the Law Enforcement that he was" Clark said.
After the shooting, Bates told investigators that he was "in a state of shock and disbelief".
He also said he believed there was a "strong possibility" that Harris.
Said Monday that Bates is upset over the shooting.
"he is upset.
Feels badly, "he said.
The incident.
He has the training.
TASER-certified the video when his gun went off.
Authorities say thought he pulled out "inadvertently" fired his gun.
Harris to police fled police that day in such a way as to give the impression that he had a gun in his waistband.
Harris was determined, Sgt.
Jim Clark of the Tulsa Police Department, who has been brought to the case, excused the behavior of Bates who is heard in the video.
Clark said was the "victim" of something called "slip and capture," where person intends to do one thing and instead does something else.
It's a controversial argument that drew criticism online.
One expert told CNN the claim amounts to "junk science."
It's not something supported by a theory.
No that would support this
...
It's not generally accepted by the scientific community, said Phil an assistant professor of criminal justice at Bowling Green State University.
It's something not be admissible as evidence. "
Andre Harris told reporters Monday that claims his brother was violent on are false.
"He was nonviolent, he was peaceful, my brother that I'll never again see," Harris told reporters, accusing the sheriff's office of the "."
He added that the shooting,, wasn't a racial matter.
I don't think this is a racial thing.
I don't think this has anything to do with race.
A hint there somewhere
...
This is, Andre Harris told reporters Monday.
Spent time together, spent money together
...
How things, the law, do get it exposed
We've come to.
We've come to mask off evil.
We've come to light. "
CNN Lavandera reported from Tulsa.
CNN E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta.
(CNN) An Arizona car into an armed suspect saying that have killed the suspect.
The incident, February Marana cars cars into a suspect who had a rifle in the city about a half hour from Tucson.
The suspect Valencia survived and was hospitalized before being charged.
Police Chief asked on CNN's "New Day" whether fortunate that die.
"may be that.
The matter remains though, deadly force was authorized, "Rozema said.
"So in that situation he ends up and the" the chief added.
Footage police should.
In the dashcam, an officer tailing walking slow speed reports one round Walmart.
Another patrol car runs into the man, then hits a wall driveway.
Officer Michael Rapiejko shows Rapiejko running Valencia with the.
Police in justified Rapiejko's actions.
"We know that (another 10 seconds) doesn't take somebody in".
And answering some different questions
...
Gun stop this guy before he shot my wife, before he shot my husband, before he shot my child
The video has what police used.
, Cohen-Metzger told CNN "isn't dead
"Everything video obvious excessive use of force, said.
Tucson Police Sgt.
Pete told CNN that Valencia was involved in several incidents the day.
6 a.m. robbed a 7-Eleven in Tucson with a metal object in his hand.
Authorities said he was dressed only in his underwear.
He was charged with theft.
Little more than an hour later, police said Valencia a a which he was charged with.
After that he entered home and stole a car, police said.
Authorities drove to Walmart, where he stole a .30-30 rifle and ammunition.
He fled the store employees in pursuit.
Police encountered him in a business park walking.
An officer told him to drop, Lt. Marana police said in events.
Valencia said, walked away from the officer and stopped.
Valencia pointed officer then walked toward Coca-Cola plant and business.
"As Valencia towards (manufacturer), Rapiejko his police situation Valencia," Brunenkant wrote.
Brunenkant said by phone that before's encounter with Valencia, the suspect had pointed the rifle at his and threatened before.
Rozema said that's weapon the first officer's the the at key.
"so another officer sees and an end put" the chief said.
Cohen-Metzger criticized the that hit from behind.
"back officer said
Police.
Valencia was in serious condition when he was taken to the hospital and was released into police custody.
Faces charges counts of aggravated assault,.
Cohen-Metzger said he had a prior record.
His next court appearance is May 18.
Pima County Jail.
Authorities said no charges.
South Africa after mobs attacked immigrants,, said.
Police this week after residents accused immigrants from other African nations.
The attacks killed two immigrants and three South Africans, including a 14-year-old boy.
"There has been an outpouring of support from ordinary Africans who are foreign," said Gift the which is helping those seeking refuge.
"We are preparing aid packages for those who their home."
The charity said about 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations this week because of the violence.
That doesn't homes to,, the group said.
It said it hopes the violence is limited to Durban, but assured that it has facility shelter.
"We have tents all on standby but pray that this does not become necessary," it said.
In the past, Johannesburg has been the epicenter of anti-immigrant tensions.
In 2008 were killed in attacks in the poorest areas of Johannesburg.
The victims were Zimbabweans who.
(CNN) to Italy boat 12 -- killing them the Christians, police said Thursday.
Italian arrested 15 people at sea, Palermo said.
Migrants of 105 people Tuesday in a boat.
During the trip Mediterranean, Muslims from the, -- threw the 12 overboard, police said.
The voyage told police they were spared "opposed the attempt a" Palermo police said.
The boat was intercepted by an Italian navy vessel, which transferred the passengers to a Panamanian-flagged ship.
That ship docked in Palermo, after which the arrests were made, police said.
'i enter Europe or die 'Desperate migrants rescued this week off Italy and Ghana, police said.
Thousands of people each year make the dangerous sea journey to Europe's Mediterranean coast,.
Many to flee in the Middle East.
More than 10,000 people, according to the Italian coast guard.
Many die each year attempting the voyage when boats capsized.
Last year at least 3,200 died trying to make the trip.
According to the International Organization for Migration, people fleeing across the Mediterranean.
The IOM reported Thursday the latest boat to sink in the journey.
Only four people survived from the, bringing the estimated death toll so far this year close.
CNN's Hada Messia reported from Rome, reported from Augusta,.
CNN's Jason in Atlanta.
(CNN) The police officer who intentionally slammed into an armed suspect previously faced lawsuit in New York, according to court documents.
Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006.
He left, he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who Rapiejko pointed to shoot front.
The lawsuit said Colon had parked his car when,, ordered him into the car.
During his arrest on charges of obstructing governmental conduct and resisting arrest, Colon alleged he was yanked from the car,.
The charges against Colon were dropped later.
Colon also sued officers.
And the city settled suit for $20,000.
The the were not admitting to any wrongdoing Rapiejko, there is no indication of any action against him from the NYPD, a senior law enforcement official told CNN.
NYPD said it Rapiejko.
Actions in Arizona patrol car into a man earlier officer,.
Authorities said the February incident.
The suspect Valencia survived and was hospitalized before being charged.
Police Chief asked on CNN's "New Day" whether fortunate that die.
"may be that.
The matter remains though, deadly force was authorized, "Rozema said.
"So he ends that situation, he ends that's the," the chief added.
In the dashcam an officer tailing walking at slow speed reports fired one in from nearby Walmart.
Another patrol car runs into the, then hits a wall.
Rapiejko the officer into Valencia with smashing car.
Police in justified Rapiejko's actions.
"We know that (another 10 seconds) doesn't take somebody in".
And answering some different questions
...
't my wife he shot he shot my child
Valencia's attorney, Michelle Cohen-Metzger, told CNN on Tuesday that "miraculous."
"Everything in the video excessive use of force,".
Police Sgt.
Valencia was involved in several crimes was struck, including a a car that he drove north to Marana.
Faces charges counts of aggravated assault,.
Cohen-Metzger said he had a prior record.
His next court appearance is May 18.
Pima County.
Police told's a gun lock was still on the rifle when it was recovered.
The wire that goes gun allow to still, police said.
(CNN) The accidental death of a boy triggered the lives of three people.
It all started with a birthday party Terry was attending.
The he dashed out into the street and was struck by a GMC van, according.
The distraught driver., 40, got to tend to the boy.
But it was too late, police said.
Damani was dead.
Damani's alarmed family,,, said.
That was not the end.
Soon, people teen were felled by bullets fired by the same man, police said.
That man, identified as Ricky Ricardo III, was located late Wednesday at a Chicago-area hotel.
He committed suicide warrant, Milwaukee Police Chief Ed Flynn told reporters.
"police the whereupon took life" the chief said.
An accidental death, fatal retaliation rips apart two families's family identified the shooting.
"Sunday was the worst day I ever lived in my life," told CNN.
"had never, never came."
Tidwell is' grandmother and mother of.
She said she was inside at birthday when her life turned upside down.
"I know got hit, and then I heard people screaming," she said.
"Then I heard gunshots, and my daughter ran in arms."
The family uncle Brown, was struck by.
"he was trying to pick his brother up.
Trying to save him a family friend,, told CNN.
Earlier this week, Flynn bemoaned the apparent madness of what happened.
"What did we have Sunday?"
Asked.
(CNN) a weekend shipwreck killed hundreds of migrants Monday there.
The fate of many, including children, on the large ship to Europe capsized Saturday in the Mediterranean Sea.
The worst of migrants have on vessels.
"are putting people on a at," Prime Minister Joseph Muscat said.
're putting them to death, and. "
Rescue for people who were on the ship from Libya, the number of victims is not clear.
A Bangladeshi told there were 950.
Previous estimates put the number.
Maltese authorities, who are working with Italian rescuers, said 50 people had been saved.
The Italian Coast Guard said 28 people had been rescued and 24 bodies recovered.
The survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking in Sicily, according to police.
On Monday, European Union to help address the crisis.
", but what we have agreed on today is,, the need to increase the resources at sea and the the operation and rescue and more together," Federica Mogherini told "."
The EU high representative for foreign affairs and security policy said the European Union must fight human traffickers, to save lives when it comes to the relocation of refugees.
"We need to the that people so we can desperate people".
"a reaction coming after people died."
Migrants attempting the perilous journey across the Mediterranean to southern Europe for years,, a grim spike in the number of those killed en route.
Migrants crossing the Mediterranean in 2014, the International Organization for Migration said.
Of 2015 have -- than 12,000, according.
While those numbers sound high, the previous year.
In 2014 219,000 migrants sailed across the Mediterranean to the Coast Guard or ships,.
3,500 people in sea.
Yet another boat sank off the Greek island, killing at least three people, the Marine said.
The 83 people reported on board survived.
Those confirmed dead were a man, a woman and a child.
The capsizing of the ship from Libya marked the worst so far.
As rescuers approached the boat in response to a distress call Saturday night, authorities say, migrants moved,.
Their movement caused the boat to capsize about 110 kilometers (70 miles) north of Libya, sending many passengers plunging into the sea.
According to one survivor, large numbers of people remained inside the boat.
-- human traffickers organizing the doors to vessel, told Italian authorities.
", the Italian navy, are bodies someone still alive," Muscat said.
, Muscat slammed human traffickers he accused of risking people's lives by putting waters.
It's "genocide genocide," told CNN
"A mass grave in the European are" said Loris, president of the international aid group Doctors Without Borders.
He compared the high number of deaths to "a war zone."
Filippi called on European states to launch search and rescue patrolling.
"Faced with thousands of people fleeing wars and crises,, people in risk their lives die at sea," he said.
"This tragedy is and should be stopped."
Save the Children similarly called on European officials to do more.
"What we needed from EU ministers was life-saving action,, Justin said in a statement.
"more lives and Europe slips further into an abyss.
Right now, people desperately seeking a better life are drowning. "
The migrants who board ships to cross the Mediterranean come from Africa, often traveling for weeks or months just to.
They're seeking many exploited by smugglers who organize the voyages.
"There is a well-oiled machine with the traffickers and then by sea, desperate people get at all costs,".
The situation on the boat that sank over the weekend isn't unusual on voyages.
"are crammed into the the,".
"Those are cheaper tickets.
People, which is the prime, pay more. "
Traffickers are believed to charge euros euros () the voyage said.
Italy's North African coast puts it on the front line of the continent's migration crisis.
"We're swamped, the Italian minister told.
Not enough in Sicily's the. "
An Italian rescue program was credited with rescuing more than 160,000 migrants in a year.
But ended in October because of budget constraints and criticism from migrants across the Mediterranean.
The European Union's border agency, Frontex, started its mission in November,, with a budget of less than a third of Mare Nostrum.
Of its own, so has European member states to lend.
Anti-immigrant parties across European nations are struggling to cope with the migration crisis on their doorstep.
"We can act as is crossing another happen," told, European policy on how to deal with refugees in Europe.
The European Commission, the executive branch of the EU, said it was member states and international organizations what to be.
"These are human, and the European Union as a whole has a humanitarian obligation to act," it said.
International groups enough.
Doctors Without Borders begin its rescue effort,, "as humanitarian organization, we cannot wait."
(CNN) Chanting "No justice!
No peace! "
Baltimore Tuesday, police released Freddie Gray.
A Sunday, one was taken into custody.
Demonstrators marched to a local police station that was protected by barricades.
One arrested after barricade, the protest was peaceful.
Among the crowd were mother.
She held her head and cried.
Many protesters clasped hands, raised in a show of support.
"Make noise for Freddie Gray," one shouted.
"We,".
"We have power shows."
Speaking to CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360," Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said she understands where protesters are coming from.
She understands their frustration.
"Mr. Gray's family deserves justice and our community deserves an opportunity make sure this doesn't happen again," she said.
Earlier in the day, the Baltimore Police Department released the names of six police officers.
They are: 41, who joined in 1997; Officer Caesar Goodson, 45, who joined in 1999; Sgt.
White, who joined in 2010, who joined in 2012, who joined in 2012; and Officer,, who joined in 2012.
"," is the, said Police Department spokesman
Kowalczyk.
It doesn't mean the officers did anything wrong, nor does it mean that these were the only officers involved, he said.
The six officers and Gray,, the arrest after police van.
The autopsy hasn't yielded answers in -- it's more questions -- but mayor pledged Tuesday to find out how the 25-year-old died after a week prior.
"I'm going to make information that information out in public," Mayor said.
"I want people to have no interest in information."
, She said, among the questions are: Why did police stop Gray in the first place?
Arresting officers make what the medical attention when Gray "was, see him get into the van able-bodied when he was, we know he was he was unresponsive," she said.
Challenged on the "" remark -- video Gray's as officers carry him by his shoulders -- Rawlings-Blake said would "we know he was."
"We will get to the bottom of it and where the facts lead us," she said.
"We will hold people accountable if we find there was wrongdoing."
She further said "investigation," police is considered.
Police plan to conclude their investigation Friday, May 1.
Attorney's office,.
Justice Department developments in the Gray, spokesperson said.
Department Baltimore Police Department and relate to use of force and. "
Police rise; "When law enforcement misconduct is uncovered, the U.S. has.
Responses in organizations fall along a continuum of intervention, with the response address the of situation,, the Justice Department's Office of Community Oriented Policing said.
The Justice Department held its first town hall last week at Coppin State University.
It was attended by hundreds of residents, many of whom sounded off about their experiences with police.
"we are past policies.
A now Tawanda Jones told Justice Department officials, according to WBAL.
Brother,, died in police custody.
The mayor issued a statement ahead of town hall accused of misconduct between 2012 and February, while 61 officers were found guilty through trial board hearings.
The nation's eighth-largest police force with and sworn.
"a small handful of bad reputation of the police officers in Baltimore," Rawlings-Blake said in the statement.
Had asked the Justice Department to take a look at the police department, The Baltimore Sun reported on the that the city paid almost $6 million in judgments and settlements in police misconduct suits since 2011.
Overwhelmingly,, involved in the incidents that sparked the lawsuits were criminal charges.
She said city lawsuits of excessive force.
"I tougher to hold cops accountable.
Police, "
According to documents obtained Monday, the when Gray ran from police.
While court documents allege that the arresting officers,, took Gray pocket, the attorney called the allegation a "sideshow."
Gray was carrying a "pocket knife of size," attorney said.
Police knife and chased Gray after he took off, the attorney said.
Court documents said Gray fled unprovoked upon noticing. "
"The officer).
The defendant was arrested without force or incident ".
"was officer found to be."
The mayor has questioned whether police pursued Gray in the first place.
"not probable cause to someone.
Still, said.
Was until police tackled him,.
Less than an hour later,, he fell into a coma.
The family has not seen the autopsy report,, and are waiting to take possession of Gray's body.
The, Baltimore police the, said.
Police, according to their timeline, spotted Gray,, cuffed him and requested a paddy wagon in fewer than four minutes.
The left with Gray after, police said 30 minutes passed before units. "
When cell was on the ground with over him.
He out.
Officers had encountered him earlier in an area where drug crime are common, Police.
Gray criminal,.
Officers called for a prisoner transport van.
Cell phone video positions showed officers lifting Gray, whose hands were cuffed, by dragging him to the back of the van.
Officers put restraints on Gray inside the van,.
That police Gray.
Murphy and residents of Baltimore happened 30 minutes in between.
Police said requested medical attention,, took him to Maryland's Shock Trauma Center.
"He lapsed into a coma, resuscitated a coma on Monday life said.
"life for seven days"
(CNN) The bizarre circumstances surrounding Freddie Gray's death.
How could a man suffer a severe spinal cord injury after?
What happened in the 30 minutes before he was taken to hospital?
Gray wavered in and out of a coma Sunday, one week after his arrest.
It's not clear how he.
Gray is far from the only suspect circumstances after he was in custody.
Here: Date of arrest: March 31, 2015 Date of death: March 31, 2015:, responded to a disorderly person and White was handcuffed.
Police dispatch an officer saying White "tried to grab my gun."
One witness,, told the Vineland Daily Journal that White was resisting arrest.
Two others told WCAU that police attacked while he was handcuffed.
"They stomped him, kicked him and the dog, told the station.
"The him on his face body.
Call.
Man handcuffed and unconscious take to the police station. "
Martinez gave a similar account.
"The, they just kept punching him him at,.
"He was on the floor, he was knocked out."
As was taken to hospital, he became unresponsive, NJ.com reported.
He was pronounced dead at the hospital.
The: County Prosecutor's Office has been investigating and officials have been waiting for the results of the death said.
Two Vineland officers have been placed on administrative leave.
Police its Facebook page about the department started, the City.
An Public Records Act request the Facebook.
Police later restored comments on page.
Date, 2014 March 2, happened, Louisiana claimed White killed himself in the back of --.
"Copperfield, it's not possible," family attorney said.
The incident began when authorities were responding to a gas station parking lot.
About six blocks from the store, an Iberia Parish deputy stopped him,.
The Sheriff's Office Cpl.
Justin received no description of the men involved.
He was black, "one of the males mentioned having a gun," the report said.
White consented, found marijuana in his pocket.
Attorney Benjamin said makes the suspicious.
You marijuana, "
He said.
State police said White arrived of the patrol car.
"As the deputy requested other deputies, White produced a handgun and fired, striking himself," police said.
White was pronounced dead at a hospital.
An autopsy concluded White's death he was shot in the police said.
The report also said White was "in a patrol car with him when officers shot the decedent."
Police handed over, said a decision won't be made until a federal civil rights.
Police encounter of,, California, were responding to a homeless man into pulling handles of cars.
Video of the incident showed Thomas,,
Police Officer Ramos tells him: "
Getting ready.
Is unarmed and shirtless and another officer walks over.
Hold him on the ground for help
"OK, I.
I'm sorry! "
He screams.
At one point, Thomas says he can't breathe.
Officers tell him to lie on his stomach, behind his back.
Toward the end of the beating, the video shows Thomas cries out for his father: "
Help me.
Help me.
Help. "
By the end of the video, he is lying in a pool of blood.
The Orange County coroner ruled Thomas' death a homicide and said he died.
Thomas' mother, Cathy Thomas, received a Fullerton.
Officer was charged with murder and involuntary manslaughter Cpl.
Jay charged of manslaughter and force.
Both pleaded not guilty.
Jury acquitted Ramos.
Date of death: September 7: Azucena was arrested after running a red light and leading Los Angeles police on a chase.
Half hour, repeatedly said he had couldn't, the
Officers continued him.
"Help me, help me,.
I can't breathe.
I can't breathe.
Help me, please. "
"You can breathe,",.
Can breathe. "
He.
Azucena was so weak that officers had a booking and left him face-down on the floor,.
By the time paramedics arrived, Azucena's heart had stopped.
The aftermath: A coroner concluded that asthma killed Azucena and that his death was an accident.
The City Council unanimously agreed to a $1.35 million settlement,.
The investigation into the officers' actions is ongoing.
Date of arrest: November 19, 2013 Date of death: November 19, 2013 Durham, North Carolina was taking police for a second-degree violation.
Durham gunshot while handcuffed in the back.
Police Chief said gunshot residue tests were conducted on officer "wearing gloves and that gloves of.
Officer Samuel)'s that he had no gunshot residue.
But Huerta's family's suspect foul play by police.
Hundreds of protesters took to the streets of Huerta's death.
Carried banners that read "Fue Matado La Police."
A vigil for turned violent, with.
The police chief said a Hispanic, the allegations among the Hispanic community Latinos.
Two people were taken into custody as protesters scuffled Thursday on the streets.
As demonstrators confronted police, ""
The Baltimore Police were detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property.
Other protests -- -- were peaceful.
Protesters rallied at station.
Some walked through traffic.
, A police car.
Died, he was arrested by police.
He suffered a severe spinal cord injury.
His family said his box and his neck snapped before he died.
"The police have a lot of questions that need to be answered," the, told CNN.
"What was the suspicion?
Why were they arresting our client?
To be. "
"He had no weapon.
He was committing no crime and he wasn't hurting anybody.
Police had no reasonable suspicion to stop or arrest him,.
Baltimore police say officers involved in the arrest department has not released details of what Gray suffered fatal injury.
Protesters are upset over the apparent lack of -- recently -- police union comparison of the demonstrations.
"While the the the protests have been peaceful, we are very concerned about the rhetoric of the Fraternal Order of Police said in a statement issued Wednesday.
"In the images seen on television a lynch they are calling them is the right of every citizen, including law enforcement."
Scenes from Baltimore sharp criticism history of lynchings in the United States.
Rooted in the racial Civil War, extrajudicial killings were common in the South.
People were murdered between 1877 and 1950 in 12 Southern states, according to a recent report.
But lynchings to the South and have race relations in the country.
"the # LynchMob again?"
Tweeted, a photo of a protest to Gray and hospitalization.
"The words not ironic,,",.
"never the mob.
"told CNN's Burnett OutFront."
"And powder keg that is right now, referring citizens peacefully protesting as a 'lynch mob' doesn't keep the peace.
It heightens the flames, fans are already on edge.
Amid protests, officials advised people to clear the area delays.
A statement out of area disruptions. "
Baltimore received additional personnel from Maryland State Police.
Troopers help with crowd control in "" according to Montgomery for Gov.
Hogan.
A press conference was held by the Assemblies.
They announced that they will conduct their own investigation into the events that led to Gray's death.
Follow demonstrations this week with protesters demanding elusive answers.
Protests demonstrators asking Among the questions: Did something happen inside the police vehicle that caused Gray's fatal spinal injury?
What took place minutes before police called to pick Gray up?
"something happened, police union attorney said.
"We just don't know."
Question: Did officers have Gray in the first place?
Police first encountered Gray on April 12 as they patrolled an area known for crime and drug activity.
Gray, authorities said,.
Gray claim police didn't have to chase him ""
But Davey said officers had every right to give chase.
"a case states police unprovoked he said.
"In, you do not need probable cause to arrest.
A reasonable suspicion stop. "
Gray was arrested after police found what they said was a switchblade.
An attorney for Gray's family said of.
Said the family.
"There was a lot of pain in that family, and I.
My would be angry, he told CNN.
Images from One video of Gray shows to, his legs.
"His broke!"
A bystander witness captures on a cell phone video.
That who only wants to, said she knew a and man.
Day, he said one.
"When the street first asked him was he OK because screaming,".
"He didn't say no, he said 'I' and yelling."
Police Commissioner Hamm said he was disturbed by video of the arrest.
"What is a distress and what should have happened at that point, they should have called medical attention to help," he told CNN's "New Day."
Hamm department from.
He said he was disappointed.
"I thought we were better than that," he said.
. "
It's not clear whether Gray was injured during the arrest.
His family has the autopsy report, said.
The medical examiner told release.
Is now in his family has a funeral home.
The family has not specified which.
That will be when arrangements have been finalized.
A legal team told CNN that an independent autopsy will be conducted at the facility.
Investigating attorney, the department said
"criminal investigation continue for as long as it takes."
The Justice Department is investigating whether Gray's civil rights were violated during the April 12 arrest.
And Mayor Rawlings-Blake said an outside investigation is needed, especially given the city's history of police misconduct.
According to The Baltimore Sun, the city paid to settle more than 100 cases of.
Police didn't admit fault in any of the cases.
Union Wednesday: officials.
Atlanta (CNN) A fake name on a Facebook post can in real trouble threatening to shoot see.
Ebony East Point, Georgia, posted her Facebook rant under the name police
"should shoot white in said on Monday.
"I white killings.
They condone crimes against us. "
Post was just arrested, CNN affiliate reported
I thought I see head until the killed by.
!!!
I think I can.
. "
, It got law enforcement's attention.
East Point police unit "... of her" said Atlanta police Espy as well as the FBI and Homeland Security.
"That talking about killing within a day so serious to" East Point police told WSB.
Police said statement that detailing threatening the posts indicated motion. "
After the authorities obtained a warrant for her.
They took her into custody while warrant.
"," police said.
Appeared in court Wednesday on a charge of disseminating information to.
A $10,000 bond her from.
(CNN) It took seven decades, England tons of silver coins.
World War II sinking.
Unguarded a U-boat while carrying 296 cargo that included 100 tons.
The vessel sunk more than 16,800 feet under () it went when Deep Ocean decided to go.
The was the legend.
City of silver rupees from India to England as part of the war effort.
After a in, torpedos sank the ship in the Atlantic.
The ship, reportedly surfaced the captain said in lifeboats ", sorry for sinking."
The captain's lament book about the event.
Only a handful of people died as the ship sank but more passed away during the desperate attempt of six boats was miles away.
The last of the lifeboats was found 51 days later, it.
Ocean said a that it located.
Cairo parts buried.
"Under contract to the Ministry of Transport recovered a depth of 5,150 meters" the company said.
The depth is a world record, claimed.
Other operations for the wreck South African 16,000 () in in 2011.
The BBC reported the City of Cairo salvage operation was completed, the company.
The coins were melted and sold, the BBC reported.
Ocean Search got a percentage of the sale, the Treasury.
Worth $50 million.
(CNN) Are you a boxing fan?
Fancy the best seats in the house for in Vegas between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao?
Spare $for?
No?
Well then you might have a problem.
While tickets have sold out, there are some around ringside seats going at money.
Ticket $180,000 -- a price which stars.
Friday, the most expensive on StubHub website, a $128,705 but.
Tickets were released, days before the fights camps.
However only around to the public of 16,500 tickets well sponsors.
Some were on resale websites at up the sharpest.
Those at the lower end of the priced between $1,500 and $7,500 -- were snapped up in a matter of minutes.
The priced ticket offered on StubHub Monday is that seat right at the back of the arena., "We've never seen anything like this in any sporting event," Bob Arum, Pacquiao's promoter, told CNN.
And worried that the prices keep.
"money to spend it.
Tickets to a fight,, he said.
"was and Mayweather Promotions share tickets (from) number and location
On Thursday, NPR, -- ran its latest that erupted the occurred while under police custody.
While a segment.
Titled "" the introduced the promise that it will reveal "what the neighborhoods of" on that of unrest was African-Americans "targeting businesses."
Claim made after Ferguson's.
Indeed, a feature of of many 1980s, during which the trope of widespread hostility between Asian and black communities took root in the.
Yes, interethnic tensions continue to exist, Asians.
Has incidents and tragedies on both sides.
While reports say that during the chaotic social breakdowns of the past year, black-owned businesses were mostly protected during bouts of violence, there's little evidence to suggest a pattern in which Asian businesses have been actively targeted out of racial animus.
Instead, it seems as if stores experienced damage partly because they a of in the and.
In other words,, along with stores riots.
Call meme what it is: misleading, and distraction shifts blame away from real issues.
"in and" notes "minority groups against one another draw attention from structural.
Interminority blame that. "
Honest.
-- and still exist between immigrant storeowners and African American customers cultural.
There's no denying that in the daily transaction between embattled communities trying.
In 1993 and Korean, and acquittal was a point.
But things are different now.
Decades of Asian and African Americans,.
Operated by immigrants are now owned by East.
Its economy has contracted.
Ever-greater recognition that they and their customers are tied,.
Black and Asian advocacy groups bridge the communities.
Korean-American Grocers Association founded in 1995, has worked to support entrepreneurial to longstanding by Baltimore ties with their constituents.
Given hundreds of thousands of dollars in children growing up in the Baltimore neighborhoods retailers.
These aren't the kind of stories you hear in the media.
To attention-grabbing anecdotes around communities.
In 1995, the Baltimore Sun profiled Soon owners of Lee Food Market in the Baltimore NPR.
The the Lees' politeness and care for their customers outstanding, snacks and the tens of thousands of families each year.
I spoke with check the status of the business and.
Were they open?
Safe?
"Oh, of course,!"
Said Mrs..
"many customers came in and said to me '
Lee, don't worry you are part of our family.
Sure just! '
We love it.
We love it. "
And yet interviewed at untouched fully nor have customers loyal after years.
Reinforcing the tired narrative of black-Asian interracial tension, but light.
, Jury has been picked for.
Twelve jurors are on the list.
The group includes 19 women and five men.
It's almost and.
The case, and it's been a long time coming.
With potential jurors.
The wrangling the case.
Defense attorneys asked for a change of venue after the jury was seated.
Judge denied request, noting that jury.
Opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on April 27.
Holmes is accused he allegedly opened fire July 20.
The one-time neuroscience doctoral student faces attempted murder charges.
Now 27, he has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.
If convicted of the most serious charges, he could face a death sentence.
Wearing a gray shirt and tan slacks, Holmes sat in court relaxed in his chair for much of the day as lawyers from the jury pool.
He looked down,, as judge share his Cheetos and attorney addressed juror "."
Though he looked calm, defense lawyer started session jurors Tuesday expression about getting a fair and impartial trial, saying "I'm nervous" and "nervous."
District Attorney George warned jurors to.
Tuesday court session said "be one of the 24 through the of horrible the worst."
CNN's Ana Cabrera reported from City.
CNN's Catherine reported from Atlanta.
(CNN) Robert Boardwine's path to fatherhood was unconventional, but Virginia appeals court said Tuesday he is legally entitled to his life.
's friend,, had pregnant.
She thought after she learned she was child friends.
Because they had sex, she was entitled to sole parent, according to court documents.
Court of Appeals decided differently assisted conception Boardwine.
It agreed with a circuit court ruling that medical technology.
"The plain meaning of the term '' does not encompass a implement such as a baster," court wrote.
Bruce's attorney,, said.
Boardwine initially Bruce approached him in 2010 the the court document says.
They talked about down on that never happened.
They a few times.
He'd her bring a plastic cup,.
Then she'd use wait.
After get, tried.
Luck.
She and Boardwine a few times, and in July she learned she was going to have a baby.
Came house with and baby.
Things.
He was going to be the newborn wanted.
He could have some involvement,, would be the parent.
He'd friend,.
Then.
Over what to the baby.
More than five months after.
The, says he learned about the baby.
He went to the hospital and the boy home
Joyce said the visits were "."
She told.
So he took the matter to court.
Bruce argued that to get pregnant Boardwine.
He argued to be dad the kid's taking part in decisions medical.
A court-ordered Boardwine is biological.
The court affirmed ruling the turkey't.
Was awarded legal custody.
CNN also reached out to.
(CNN) one of most prestigious but it wasn't before Jordan Spieth turned to in victory.
The 21-year-old golfer equaled Tiger Woods' 1997 score of 18 under his childhood ambitions donning the green jacket on Sunday as he swept become champion at Augusta.
An second-youngest winner Woods who was that year -- the man from start to finish the tournament's four days.
"I miss her a lot and I wish she could have been here,"'s Don in the triumph opened up about not able to attend the tournament.
"get back her the jacket
"I'll have her a present.
What expecting. "
Playing 14-year-old sister perspective
How has she shaped my upbringing?
She's the most special part of our family.
She's the funniest part of our family, he said.
I love having her.
She incredible.
She then reflect on life and understand that day in golf.
"wouldn't have."
At just 14, the prodigy from -- named after legend Michael Jordan -- had been clear about: his aim to take the Masters.
Betrayed virtually nerves throughout his stunningly dominant slip "" when he marginally sliced a tee shot halfway through the final round.
Last year, Spieth lost the lead before day -- but he never denied this beating's Masters record of 26 birdies.
"sit with on a part of the Augusta National and was something," said who winning than his.
"I had a chip on my shoulder about that).
Carried.
One of the sport,,,, it looks good.
Looks good.
I'm OK! "
As he hoped to be finishing his final Masters appearance in 50 years, added that he would "was like 18th hole today."
Less far ahead, he revealed he would at next year's Dinner.
Asked what for he said: ""
Spieth's success brings to mind other champions in their careers.
Tennis player Boris Becker stunned when he defeated become champion -- a record.
Said people thought I had done something I wasn't supposed to do, that shouldn't have.
At 18, just to the point.
Younger than he, Swiss star Martina was just 16 when.
The age of became Norway's footballer the, provoking interest the's.
For them,, success was meant.
As he looked at a picture of himself with a golf club in at of at North Carolina, he reflected on the put in, referring to another winner.
"How about the focus on?"
Asked.
(CNN) It's the always teaches.
Every year, her them, "I wish..." Many of the students she teaches at just wish in common,.
But sometimes their wishes bring tears, and a glimpse struggles in young lives.
There's a student who misses her: "I haven't seen him."
Another who wants to tell her she's lonely: "I."
Another who wants to goes unsigned: "My mom is."
Has big hopes for "college."
The assignment of all: "What do our students need?
How? "
Always gives her students the option to write their names on their notes anonymous sharing with her, the class.
It how students stand to read wishes shared "."
"They feel safe enough to share some sensitive ones," said Schwartz,.
"Kids share what they feel comfortable with."
Recently, the hashtag # IWishMyTeacherKnew
Teachers around the their classrooms.
They reveal kids are worried about the mother, another just bullying.
Wants attention from the teacher.
Sometimes, they have little teacher to backflip. "
Teachers're.
A lot to learn "are who they grow up," one educator posted.
Schwartz said she learned to what her students.
Most of her, every message is about need.
's're, she said, acutely aware of their needs. "
Like this, she is, too.
As her Twitter asked how they can help support students.
She's pointed them project wish list.
(CNN) Dujardin says she is "living the dream" dressage legend.
Their their FEI in Las Vegas Olympic gold world.
Their score of 94.196 narrowly missed their own world record, still 10 points clear of rival inside the.
Gal and Glock were second,'s and Unee in third.
"Valegro just loves his job,".
I don't force, I and steer.
No, no,.
He knows his job's just fantastic added, smiling pictured an win.
World Cup success that relaxing.
Switzerland's Steve Guerdat may the London FEI Cup jumping in came at the 10th attempt.
Guerdat Albfuehren's last time would have denied the win.
"" he joked.
"to the last I knew the time was tight
"I just went as fast as I could to the finish line, a big way."
: "the podium jump-off and always finished in the top 10.
To win. "
World Finals among the equestrian weekend's in Las Vegas were notable for younger riders.
American dressage rider Laura Graves, a 27-year-old burst onto the international scene Vegas.
Her performance was outdone by Irish bronze on Sunday at the age of 19.
Teenager world top following performance while Olympic qualification.
(CNN) superstars flown in from across the globe --.
And horses reached Las Vegas for's.
The man who arranged their travel says horses.
"There are two horses per box," explains Tim, who oversaw in equine talent at month.
We pay attention to's -- do they wet hay or not?
Use to encourage them
"to have quiet time too they need.
At they are a while, to snooze without anyone. "
Now.
In Vegas.
Vegas home for the sixth time since first showjumping in 2000.
Venue Center, a stone's throw from the Strip, being opened by in.
More than 80,000 fans will attend this event, an.
Expect Jumbotron the VIP guests paid upwards of $and tennis legend presenting trophies.
In the past, showjumping atmosphere -- but the sport.
World-class horsesport Vegas is to raise its profile in the United States.
As with showjumping, the location.
The riders, locations.
It's the the spectators the.
Showjumping comes for showbiz.
In previous years, have been showgirls descending from the rafters.
Elvis impersonators arena on horseback.
This year, "" will let in with leading riders -- and there will be quite some choice.
World Cup among the prestigious list over the next four days features the names.
In showjumping, Germany's Daniel Deusser is the defending champion world No.
1, unseating Britain's Scott Brash.
Most successful showjumping victories and three-time champion will also compete.
The hosts have superstar 2013 champion Beezie, while 2012 Fellers will ride "" undeterred by a series of injuries.
, Britain Charlotte Dujardin Valero are to successfully defend World Cup.
Olympic European gold.
Riders are to challenge Dujardin perform Werth up-and-coming US rider Laura Graves.
27 has a year on the fifth in last year's World Equestrian Games on Verdades.
The action begins on Thursday,, with Saturday a day later.
But, the won't have to wait long for another chance.
Tokyo (CNN) -- -- It's an insanely fast Japanese bullet train.
A maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (miles per hour) on an experimental track in Yamanashi Tuesday, setting a new record.
The train seconds traveling 600 kilometers per hour, it covered 1.8 kilometers (1.1 miles).
Nearly 20 football fields it took to read the sentences.
Ookanda, who runs center the said witnesses erupted with excitement when the new record was set.
"moved like many visitors here today," he told CNN.
"This maglev Japan can have growth in the future."
The train broke its own record at 590 kilometers per hour (366 miles per hour) on a test track.
That beat the record of 581 kilometers per hour (361 miles per hour) set in 2003 during another Japanese maglev.
Right now, the world's fastest maglev, has hit 431 kilometers per hour (268 miles per hour).
By contrast, the fastest train is capable (), though it usually at that speed.
Unlike traditional trains, maglev.
Japan's maglevs tracks — instead, they float nearly 10 cm (4 inches) special allowing.
Japan Railways has to best route between Tokyo and Nagoya, 2027.
That trip can take nearly 5 hours by car.
A maglev train could finish the journey in 40 minutes.
(CNN) Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Nepal.
They are struggling in the aftermath.
Anuradha Koirala, who rescues victims, has a rehabilitation center in Kathmandu that is home to 425 girls.
Facility seems structurally unharmed, all of the children have been aftershocks, followed by a second earthquake on May 12.
Campus worry
We are suffering,.
The fear is not gone.
It is,, ", the nonprofit Maiti Nepal.
Public warned the main water.
Koirala is relying on water and is now rationing food.
She has offered to take 200 girls orphaned by the disaster.
"These girls are vulnerable, target said.
"They could be victims of any.
Maybe, maybe be, anything
...
Will can. "
About five miles away of's HIV AIDS hospice has crumbled.
Girls are under guard
"They're injured,,".
"Everything is broken in the hospice."
Koirala's group also has about a dozen other homes throughout and all of them have been damaged.
"It's very sad for me and for my children," Koirala said.
The noise and the way it shook, I.
I was not afraid that I was going to be killed.
Afraid what is going to happen. "
Another CNN,, the children she cares for were forced to evacuate their residence.
They are living on the ground in a nearby field.
"Physically, we are not.
But,, said Basnet, Development Center whose parents are incarcerated.
Basnet says the building cracked, and afraid.
She and older children shelter using the a greenhouse, taping around.
"It's really cold in the middle of the night; there are lots of,".
. "
They don't have water or food says.
But she is trying to stay positive.
"I think for the time being,, we should be happy?
Because at least we, "she
"(My kids).
That "
Basnet's "" the permanent building for the also suffered extensive damage in the quake.
Basnet hoped to complete construction,.
Basnet land for the home she received 2012 Hero of the Year.
"When hit that" she said
"have."
Is quick to point out survivors desperately in need of aid.
Several Heroes have been assisting relief efforts in Nepal.
Jake's disaster relief organization,, has a team of experienced responders on the ground in Kathmandu.
A medical and assessment team aid Nepalese.
Six search teams from the United States also assisted in rescue efforts.
Wilma Melville's Disaster Foundation and part of that includes engineers and.
's, which provides shelter and lifesaving supplies, has so far help families.
Laura Stachel's group, We Care, sent solar suitcases to health care workers light as they aid survivors.
Samen's group,, has set up where pregnant women can deliver in hard-hit districts.
, Disaster response who founded Kathmandu to help.
Hendley's nonprofit,, to distribute 1,000 water filters where they are needed in Nepal.
(CNN)
Its.
Thump.
It.
Thump.
All talk about... taco cannon.
That's right, we said taco cannon.
An Omaha taco shop has teamed up to shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events.
That the foil-wrapped will make to evident when Eric cannon CNN affiliate.
That make it undamaged?
Not so much
"it would be as restaurant when it gets to edible,".
Technological development, taco will join t-shirts balls hot dog hurtling into at.
UNO, ate the idea sending # EarthDay as the No.
1 trending topic Wednesday in Omaha.
"projectile said,,
Just.
"thetoddbryant wrote on Twitter.
The tacos will start flying this fall, when the new arena is scheduled to open.
Voodoo Tacos scored, catching ahead of opening night.
"My partners said, '".
"emailing
, Nearly 12 million parents in the United States currently are on their own.
When parents face a devastating needs.
Jody Farley-Berens saw the need firsthand her childhood friend faced situation.
"Making ends meet is insurmountable,".
So many appointments, copays,.
Work been. "
She did all she could to help.
Passed nonprofit dedicated to assisting others.
Since has provided emotional support than area.
Do you know a hero?
For Montgomery, a single mom with.
Group in help, Montgomery could spend more time with her daughter.
"When you really you're looking at dirt, it's stress," she said.
In that know you, 'You' "
"Moms actually.
They care, and they're demonstrating their love through their actions. "
I sat down with to ask her about her work.
An.
About the woman who inspired.
I with Michelle was at the age of 30.
A I was with kids.
And scary.
Up.
Paying making her all of that a real struggle.
I wanted to make things as easy as possible.
When I would go to the store, Tide extra.
When I would family double bring a house.
I helped with.
I tried I hoped would her.
She, she couldn't have been the only one.
That needed.
How Singleton Moms was born.
CNN: many people struggles being a parent with cancer.
How are you able to help?
We focus on -- assistance, housecleaning,, for the home, kids.
Old-fashioned of neighbors helping neighbors.
Who doesn't clean house clean?
We have volunteers that and sweep, mop, clean bathrooms.
We even way above and beyond will do laundry and fold clothes.
And so, parents can come home from chemo and their child without having to worry about the needs. "
's what's important, health and their family.
CNN: Is work hard for on?
The are stage 4 cancer full-time.
They go back to work and for the rest of their lives,.
It's hard.
It's a rollercoaster.
I had when a certain I didn't.
I thought, "Why am I doing this?"
Come back and remember why.
And always are that are just inspirational.
Do.
CNN:.
Have dads too!
A lot, are.
Get little.
's a dad. "
Lots of hugs and pay a lot of attention.
CNN: It's such your group a very.
We're very social!
Once a month, our families pick up supplies.
We with the kids, and have a good time.
Event cancer, and there's a lot of happy that goes with that.
Life still on, these families just.
No one like another single parent with.
So to meet powerful.
Cancer can be.
's and it's sad.
And so it's my hope that Singleton Moms can bring joy and say, "You can't defeat us.
We are strong and we're.
From us.
Want to get involved?
(CNN) Despite the glitz Miami is known for, the odds for growing.
Almost one of every County is under 18,.
Many schools face dropout rates after-school programs eliminated and.
Those at-risk children are Chad Bernstein is trying to help through his nonprofit, Guitars Over Guns.
"the most important tool in reaching these kids," said Bernstein,.
His program operates in Miami's,.
Pairs middle-school students, providing instrument instruction and mentorship.
Since 2008, Bernstein's organization has worked with more students in.
Has seen% school.
Do you know a hero?
Nominations are open for Heroes 2015 Bernstein has been hooked on gigs since he was 16.
To play such as Shakira, Pharrell, Jennifer.
More CNN I sat down with Bernstein to learn more about his work.
Below is an edited version of our conversation.
You're a pretty cool guy some might be surprised to hear that you were once bullied.
What did you experience and how did you overcome it?
I was a kid, I had ears that side of my head really big green glasses.
And I was definitely looked a little different than other kids.
I think the thing that really stuck with me was wanting to belong to something, I just didn't feel like I fit in with the other kids.
Music really gave me a sense of identity people. "
My.
Calhoun: What can students expect when they join your program?
A new student you'll try instruments.
You'll choose an instrument to learn.
You'll be a mentor.
And you'll go throughout that year learning instrument and music fundamentals and songwriting.
The year performing recording have a mentor.
Our mentors that are in the community.
Are from the neighborhoods and that these.
We're not policemen.
We're not teachers.
're parents.
To talk to kids about the issues.
Calhoun: Why do you focus on middle schoolers?
Time life to reach musically also as individuals are starting to form opinions about who they are and what their world is going to look like.
As know kind of in terms of dealing with the things that are going on.
Target the the because these kids are facing and out.
A lot of times these kids only the block.
We bring them to and also places in because we want them to outside of their neighborhood.
To tutoring making sure school.
I've heard you play trombone.
How has that passion translated into your?
Bernstein: I built my life on the feeling music.
I thought that that was the end-all, be-all feeling that and performing thing for.
I saw a kid have that experience through, everything.
There's an amazing I see a feeling on stage they an they and have.
It's an incredible feeling.
I have the opportunities that I did to learn music.
And part of me feels very those opportunities for other people, because the way in my and.
My children world changed themselves more than other people and they realize there's a whole world out there they could very much be a part their doorstep.
I know has changed my life in a really dramatic way.
Lives students.
Want to get involved?
CNN you sat in church mornings on marriage.
What a difference a decade makes.
Legalize same-sex marriage% had 47%, according to Public Religion Research Institute.
's more than 45% who said they opposed same-sex nuptials.
Statistically significant said,, of respondents Americans.
(Eight percent said they didn't know their stance on same-sex marriage.)
According to's poll, there are now more people of faith who favor marriage equality than against it, a's a generational shift with the the wedding industry.
"There's been a huge swing in the last decade," said Jones
Sides of the debate. "
The Supreme Court has been this trend coming.
Related to same-sex marriage, the amicus briefs from religious groups supporting gay rights has inched protesting has grown more diverse.
On Tuesday, as the Supreme Court in Obergefell v. Hodges, expected ruling on same-sex marriage, an interfaith coalition of clergy led by's is in support of LGBT rights.
"across the spectrum of American faith in that the ruling will permit same-sex marriage in all 50 states," the Very Rev.
Hall, the cathedral, said in a statement
Will end discrimination against blessing on marriages. "
Clergy religious denomination,, have submitted an amicus brief in support of same-sex marriage.
The brief is endorsed by 2,000 faith leaders, including rabbis,, professors and chaplains.
Another submitted, is Hindu and Presbyterian groups.
In reverse of traditional arguments against gay marriage, some religious rights will be curtailed if same-sex.
Prominent and powerful religious groups are the other, including the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, National Association of Evangelicals, Southern Baptist Convention of God and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints,.
Of these faiths represent more than 120 million.
But as PRRI's survey shows.
Despite the U.S., 60% now favor same-sex marriage.
A huge increase from 2003,, according to survey conducted at the time by the Pew Research Center.
Mainline Protestants in -- a shift in the last decade.
While 36% supported same-sex marriage,.
At a glance, the pro-gay marriage faction is now diverse, encompassing Catholics, Jews and Hindus.
Marriage Protestants, Mormons and white evangelicals, according to PRRI survey.
Same-sex marriage nationwide, in certain:,, Ireland, and parts of Australia, Mexico, Venezuela The survey comes from PRRI American Values, conducted between April and December of last year.
PRRI is a nonpartisan nonprofit research group that focuses on faith.
Surveys conducted by PRRI groups show much of the newfound religious support is coming from younger Americans.
Millennials, for example, support same-sex marriage and say that young by.
Millennial Republicans say gays should be allowed to marry and 43 millennials agree.
Could put GOP candidates in a tight spot, said Jones, as they try to expand their appeal to younger Americans.
"is they offend conservatives but pivot the," Jones said.
Pivot, but Bible-believing even if public opinion turns against them,, professor at Boyce College, a Baptist school in Louisville.
The number of people who come to the message is not the main issue.
There are periods when the Gospel is popular and when it's not.
't base on popularity at. "
, Burk said he doesn't doubt accept same-sex marriage, and the Supreme Court to legalize gay weddings countrywide this June decision.
Over, Burk said.
As Nepal grapples with an earthquake that has killed more than 3,400 people, about someone he has never met.
His unborn baby is due this week in Kathmandu.
He had tickets to travel to for his child's surrogate mother, but now he has no choice but to wait in his native Israel for news.
"It's terrifying
Get... and surrogate child. "
Nepal for Israeli couples to have surrogate children.
Ziv's first child,, was born to a surrogate mother in Nepal.
Ziv and his partner, Tom, traveled to Nepal for the birth.
They trip forced plans.
Companies that arrange Kathmandu, due to birth in.
Country for Israeli travelers.
The Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs estimates there are 700 Israelis in Nepal.
Israel Defense Forces is sending 260 emergency responders to Nepal,.
Is also bringing medical aid.
Ziv says his baby is in a position requiring a cesarean.
In current worries his surrogate, Shaje, will not get the proper medical attention required for a birth.
Ziv would prefer Shaje fly to Israel where hospitals can provide the help.
Days the, Ziv said on a plane might not be possible.
"If anything happens, it could very quickly go to absolute catastrophe,".
Hospitals have been flooded with injured victims.
Some have been turned away so doctors can tend to the severely injured.
Cila attorney, has to bring to.
No place.
"Tamir said.
Korean leader Kim Jong Un is with an iron fist ordered officials an assessment by South Korean intelligence, a lawmaker who attended a briefing said.
A lawmaker with told reporters that he had given Korean.
CNN cannot independently confirm.
The the National Intelligence Service.
North Korea is one of the most closed societies in the world.
According to Shin, intelligence officials say Kim ruling manner and or any views his.
Considers authority officials, according to Shin.
For example, a senior official with Ministry of Forestry was executed for dissatisfaction with the program, the lawmaker said.
North Korean chairman of the State executed because of a science a to a, the intelligence, according to the lawmaker.
To South Korean, Kim executed on charges of espionage general,, said.
Became North Korea's Supreme Commander in 2011 following the death of his father, Kim Jong Il.
According to the National Intelligence Service, he is 17 in 2012,.
Says there Kim will visit Russia there is last minute.
California Gov.
Jerry Brown ordered mandatory statewide water use for the first time in history.
Driven by a specific crisis California at the moment -- the severe drought now in has significance for the whole nation.
As it has in the past, California is leading the way in recognizing population and economic the physical Earth.
California developed the infrastructure legal rights it uses to distribute water at a time when the population was much smaller than it is today -- and when in an unusually wet phase speaking.
Led to a system that all but encourages heavy water use in dry parts of the state in allocation pricing little.
Made, the measures are the strongest acknowledgment that isn't today a serious drought.
The drought won't last, and won't the.
May be temporary, but they'll be a step toward reformation of the state's water system -- one agricultural users, who are the are the dominant consumers of California's water.
How California has fresh water is a problem in much of the world.
Subcontinent't rapid, is depleted, an unsustainable practice in both places.
And colleagues at Columbia published a study arguing that drought in Syria was one of the causes of there.
They the Syrian drought in --, another constraint the planet places on growth.
Water not sustainable.
Is the California drought a consequence of climate change?
A recent National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration report for lead author, that though that global warming makes the drought the).
And southwestern North America indeed saw megadroughts in the past long before fossil fuels.
At the same time, the latest projections are that such megadroughts are increasing with warming.
So we're left with a complex picture, of extreme weather events.
That human-induced climate change is an event such as this, while at the same time event.
It is climate-change-induced?
A public perspective.
Events make people aware that we are vulnerable can draw attention to the climate.
At least, the greenhouse.
Australia in 2007-08 the country was well into a drought that lasted about a dozen years -- in nearly all the country's major cities.
Though the role of greenhouse wasn't clear either, the nonetheless concerned climate.
The issue played a role in the, with government a more climate-proactive one (the pendulum has since swung back).
Able to blame climate change for a specific weather event.
Whether we're talking about the of climate change is legitimate.
The seriousness of human-caused global warming, however, isn't.
That human emissions are changing and that risks to humans and other species doesn't the large.
Is what should motivate us.
And when it comes of climate change, less a given weather was natural.
Drought and warming.
Similarly, sea level rise is increasing the risk of coastal floods, such as).
Because extreme events, most places haven't seen the worst deliver, even without climate change,.
So our planning has to proceed that that worst won't happen, leaving us properly adapted to the current climate.
The measures we need to take to close that gap -- such as making California's system less, subways more -- will help.
They may, in the long term.
Call these "" measures, they are good ideas of rapidly warming.
(CNN) The last time Frank Jordan spoke with his son, Louis Jordan was on a sailboat a few miles off the South Carolina coast.
The spoke with him, more than two months and the younger was on a miles from North Carolina, just rescued from his disabled boat.
"," the relieved father said.
Jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat and hadn't been in 66 days when he the ship drifting in the Atlantic Ocean.
"I was utterly thankful the rescued going to be worried," Jordan told CNN.
CNN had,, he held hope because had a good boat.
He had to.
"He got very strong not only physically but spiritually, told CNN.
"he told me on the phone that he was praying, so I believe."
The younger said he took better fishing it capsized.
He broke his boat flipped.
, Jordan couldn't repair the boat, which had snapped.
"Everything I got broken my, my" said.
He was dead.
Jordan drifted in Atlantic water until his shoulder.
To makeshift, Jordan said,.
"long said
So slowly. "
The boat capsized two times before he was rescued,.
Food and water ran issue.
Collecting water was a nightmare.
The weather wouldn't cooperate
"I had tried to collect (rain) water but the waves would boat,.
"The waves would put my freshwater tasted bad
"Finally the conditions were right.
I filled up,.
I filled up.
Then the food.
The fish while attracted to his laundry he would put out to sea for a rinse.
The fish swim clothes and scoop up net, he said.
Jodran came ashore Thursday evening.
CNN affiliate in Norfolk, to walk from the helicopter into Sentara Hospital. was missing, his father.
Concern poured out a call with.
Frank Jordan thanked the the Express.
"good.
And I sure do appreciate it, ".
"I know my son appreciates it."
(CNN) In 1944, 16-year-old Yong Soo Lee of Taegu was lured to meet an older Japanese man.
The man took them and three other teenage girls, by train,, to Taiwan.
The girls were forced into sexual slavery,.
Beatings and torture was a disease fed her,.
World War II brought her.
Just one of over 200,000 women from Korea, China, the Philippines, Indonesia, and other nations, who were sexually enslaved by the Japanese during World War II.
So-called "comfort women" suffered unimaginable physical, emotional, and psychological trauma.
When Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe addresses of Congress on Wednesday, he has an opportunity to do right by, and issue irrefutable -- something that.
In 2007,, the House of Representatives sent a profound message to the Japanese government by unanimously passing House Resolution 121.
The called on the government to formally apologize, and accept its' coercion claims and trafficking and this horrible crime.
Their government.
In during his first term, Abe when there was evidence of Japanese coercion and complicity in setting up and running the "comfort women" system.
And during his term, Abe have continued to question history -- even to dilute and rewrite it.
Last year, along to the United States calling the Japanese report on 1993 unacceptable.
, Meanwhile, the Abe administration tried (and failed) to get United retract Japan survivors.
Most this the Japanese government to change history. "
Some say that Japan has apologized and it's time to move on.
People attempts to rewrite history, for every step forward government takes toward peace and reconciliation,.
As internment camp, I governments.
During World War II, the rights of Japanese Americans us.
We were U.S. citizens, but because of our ancestry, the government treated us.
Decades later, we, the Japanese American community, fought for an apology from our government.
And President Reagan signed into law,, apology to World War II.
Government made a mistake, apologized for it and as a result.
Japan must do.
Show the maturity of a country for its mistake and Asian nations.
The Merkel Minister history.
Germany knows something about this.
In a "coming" that open old wounds properly heal.
The essence.
Today, there are fewer than 100 "".
Year.
Is remaining survivors.
The survivors are the.
They deserve the apology that for the past 70 years.
The opportunity to speak to a joint meeting of Congress that is reserved for heads of state of allies.
I will be in the House chamber when delivers address.
Ms. Lee will attend as.
Both the privilege of opportunity and finally,, apologize, and generation and humbly.
(CNN) The marriage apocalypse may be coming.
Talk America,.
I did.
And I do.
I talked marriage with journalism students from my alma mater.
Advice I picked their brains about marriage.
Views me
'cause, guess what?
't what --
"college be a mom,.
No housewife degree.
Get this.
You want to.
You want to be.
You want happy life. "
Jackie, also 21, agreed
A wedding. "
I thought kidding.
"Wow,,,"
't blink.
"But, Europe!"
She exclaimed
'm really a buddy.
I don't need a wedding to love someone.
I get married together and are unhappy because they be alone.
I would rather be alone, happy than'm not happy
...
I'm OK being forever.
Happy. "
Marriage.
Culture in divorce.
In the United States, 42 million adults have been married more than once.
's up from 22 million in 1960.
That who are compared with 1960.
My!
Not.
Still doubt more parents where wrong.
Especially in a Pew Research report on marriage.
If society is as well people other than marriage, 50% were that.
And of that,.
Leaders are concerned for.
Economists are for.
Studies is correlated with well-being, it is clear goes economic.
A study sponsored by the says ", adults are likelier to have incomes well-being."
On points out people who have money more prospects. "
Bingo on point.
The millennials prefer their partners to be debt-free and.
't want husband debt
Now I'm 21.
I'm thousands of dollars in debt, "told me.
"something my parents bore.
's wedding job home. "
I felt at attitudes.
As a child of divorce I wanted to get married, --.
But I was waiting to marry the right uncomfortably.
Is there something wrong with her?
Selfish?
Unlovable?
Perhaps it and.
Or's.
Scandinavians are just about there.
In Norway% of couples have their first child.
The numbers are similarly high for Sweden.
While having the second child, it's clear Scandinavia is.
The article points out that "Norway ranked Sweden second in the United Nations survey for,, care and a nation.
USA. "
In an effort to understand the joys of the term for living together, reached out to Mikael Anteskog Adler, a man from Sweden.
"To put it short, marriage costs money, rings,,)
Significant, no frowning and. "
Wow.
Fifty-year-old Anne from Gothenburg, Sweden, told "Swedes staying single is a secular country people think they become partner, and they don't think the whole thing is worth it."
Sums you seems horrible to me
...
Marriage should be for love, not matter,. "
My Kent true romantics agree wholeheartedly with.
Emily told me as much, "Marriage is about love.
It's not about, all. "
Marriage is love, good partners, too.
And, sometimes love isn't enough.
Back to idea of marriage.
If we remained single?
I had?
I thought.
So did my husband.
We didn't plan to have children, what was the point?
In the end, we made a love.
A would not only prove our love but also us to get through the sure to.
We have.
But are not.
Would a society without marriage be off as "?
I don't know.
(CNN) ash from Volcano spread east into Argentina,.
In the region involved.
"There is seismic activity... and there will be more activity today," a spokesman for Chile's National Geological and Mining Service told CNN.
The volcano has already erupted spewing ash 23 ½ inches (60 centimeters) in some places, according to the Ministry of Interior.
New advisories say ash could reach 12,000.
Calbuco erupted twice in 24 hours, the agency said early Thursday.
Agency said it was a spectacular nighttime eruption but "."
In Ensenada, houses, trees and sheep were blanketed gray with ash, CNN's reported.
People were a staple of the local fear of contamination from ash and.
Trucks to evacuate animals.
Authorities issued a red alert for the tourist of Montt in the south.
People evacuated to Port 22 the ministry said.
Officials said volcanic flows from Calbuco caused the Blanco.
12-mile (20-kilometer) exclusion zone around the crater.
Police helping evacuate more than 4,400 residents, the Interior Ministry said.
2,000 residents of Chamiza were being evacuated as a due to flows.
More evacuations were expected in Lago.
The eruption on Wednesday in the region.
"At the beginning, it was small cloud.
And, there was a huge cloud and true terror, a Puerto resident said.
Another person said: "It was, with the volcano,.
At that point there, lots of traffic,, water from. "
Under more The eruption is a first for the region.
The last major eruption was 1962.
There was a minor eruption in 1972.
Calbuco also belched of gas and smoke.
Alejandro Verges, regional director of the Interior Ministry, said that officials are concerned there might be a eruption.
(CNN) Anthony hit rock bottom in a dirty blanket of a jail infirmary bathroom in Middleton.
He was 25 sweating up withdrawals of heroin.
He had just robbed a bank after shooting heroin all day.
That 2007 his life changed forever.
It was the last time he used drugs, he was arrested, the first time to fully withdrawal.
"I knew that world was over, and I thought I was going to die because I,".
"I had nothing and I didn't know the world knew I was there."
Nearly eight years later, Sideri looks back on his drug-using days like it was another person's life.
Was your in high school on the hockey team, he began using drugs on a daily basis.
Can, to the point where he was smoking marijuana before after school, experimenting.
"Anything that I saw, I would have,".
His dropped his eligibility to play sports, but when he was that mattered.
"I didn't have to worry about thought, I could just not have worries," Sideri said.
After graduating from high school in 2000, Sideri began abusing Percocet and OxyContin,.
As pills he began snorting drugs to.
Then moved on to snorting heroin.
"the OxyContin I it didn't seem like a," he said.
Seem heroin. "
By 2005, he had heroin daily for years.
Even as more, he was in denial about his addiction since he had's snack business and, worked out at the gym and had his own car and a place to live.
"On the outside I had it all,".
That all changed the day he stuck someone in a needle.
Started shooting heroin, his life spiraled downward in.
From his loved ones his drug problem was obvious to him.
He still thought he could control his drug and quit.
"I thought I could stop the next day, but I,".
Off the rest of the world
...
Part of it. "
By July 2007, he had no more money to fuel his addiction.
"pure desperation," he robbed a bank in Massachusetts, with another addict.
"a seemed like a way to get a lot of money of,".
"That for a long time...
. "
Sideri, his partner entered and the phone.
Was end, claiming a hostage.
Money and were caught after a brief chase.
"Getting caught never crossed my mind," he said.
Was going to do drugs. "
That was the day he.
Sideri spent the next couple of weeks on a withdrawing,, from his years of heroin abuse.
He describes "having food poisoning for days straight," combined with a burning, tingling sensation in his bones.
"would flex and punch.
I couldn't stop, and I couldn't sit still, "he said.
"Boiling.
Burning, burning, burning. "
He was convicted of larceny, conspiracy and threatening depository for his part in the robbery.
He spent court-ordered jail.
"Jail was the catapult for me,".
"It made me say, 'It's over.'
2010 drugs his life again.
Celebrating July has made strides to his life.
He is working full time as a salesman for business and is attending school to become a substance abuse counselor.
He is married with a 1-year-old daughter.
He completed probation last month.
"I live a life of honesty and integrity, even when no one is looking".
And I am.
I can be now. "
It's been a long journey.
Rebuilding his relationships with his family, his credit and rebuilding.
He wants others to know him as hardworking not by his past.
He acknowledges that it's an uphill battle for not to have a of
"Many people only know about my addiction and" he said.
"about who or what I am now."
He hopes the ripple effects of being out. "
He sees when he his and is no longer the first up.
High school to fall down the path he took and to encourage others to get help.
"was growing up, he lost his way," said Rick Gorman,.
Has known since he was in middle school, and tried to help.
"a that addiction."
To those trying drugs of advice 1.
Tell everybody
Families, 'Don't tell anyone' '
Honesty.
When you hide of blocking free.
2.
Want to be.
"If you hang out enough,.
To re-evaluate with who still and making other choices. "
Has many goals in life.
Is what recovery an addict can change.
(CNN) NASA Messenger probe crashed into Mercury on Thursday provided data.
Mission Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory probe slammed into the surface as anticipated at p.m. NASA told CNN in an email.
NASA said the probe hit the surface to create an impact crater 52 feet (16 meters) in diameter.
The crash visible from Earth on the far side of Mercury.
An acronym for Surface Space,, was launched in 2004 more than 6 years circling Mercury on March 18.
It was the first spacecraft to orbit the planet the sun.
It traveled about 5 miles -- included 15 sun.
Dive into Mercury The spacecraft was healthy when it crashed, but was out of fuel.
When scientists a briefing this month to celebrate the mission.
"For the first time about Mercury that a" said the Science Mission Directorate at NASA headquarters in Washington.
Mission's sent back data that Mercury shadowed,, NASA said.
The probe sent final tweets thanking mission managers and counting down its orbits.
Messenger mission over, but scientists say they'll be busy for years studying the probe.
Space probe you can see Mercury.
(CNN) a certificate's and with an official insignia.
Here is the authority stamp in Iraq and Syria.
Of many, disputes ISIS.
ISIS sees itself as a government operating under a law, often talked about who defies medieval interpretation of Islamic law.
The documents shared with CNN Aymenn Al-Tamimi, give a window into the self-declared caliphate.
ISIS swept through Mosul.
Once they took power, wanted to bring stability to resume.
So, quickly reopened the University of Mosul, curriculum.
Classes would resume Islamic,, about the city.
But banned archaeology.
Families flee ISIS in Iraq "The banning of archaeology is," says at at the Center.
"reflected in ISIS ancient artifacts.
ISIS regards artifacts as the 'period of ignorance' jahiliyah.
Their concern with archaeology would become turning which is strictly forbidden.
"Hotel and may seem strange as.
But there are hotels under.
They have taken over and shut down, become places to house. "
Mosul University still has teachers, Al-Tamimi says
"are subjected to sessions ISIS.
The system within ISIS Sharia conditions. "
The ISIS Department runs hospitals not just.
Wards, clinics, even a mobile unit.
And religion rules is seen in areas controlled by the Taliban.
One thing that the Taliban which forbids vaccinations.
In the Taliban believes are a substance.
But ISIS is primitive, ".
"This: Taliban forbids girls' education.
ISIS allows girls to go to school,. "
For girls.
Reporting ISIS death emerge.
ISIS's principles and methods follow by, researchers.
And an Islamic principle to care for the environment so that's using to catch fish is banned.
A quote from the Quran saying owners burden to rewards at the start of control
"A general theme for ISIS is that initially when they control, more more fair to the ruler,".
"in Syria.
About rulings. "
At times, such as taking up the case of renters,, Al-Tamimi says.
", in Syria, ISIS does actually try to deal with it," he says.
's seen by many as imposing areas where rebel control. "
Its territory is absolute -- schedules show Mosul and the border, new group
Members entertainment is regulated.
Be played provided gambling and the faces or heads are taken to prevent idol worship.
A fatwa on entertainment say that chess, billiards and other "games" do not benefit Muslims but do from religious.
Reaches the Quran and religious teachings.
That's also part of ISIS strategy, says Al-Tamimi.
"ISIS to present religiously learned image jurisprudence to their following.
Washington (CNN) Supreme Court justices appeared divided Tuesday arguments, with Justice.
Chief Justice John Roberts -- -- seemed.
The arguments a courtroom on Tuesday while same-sex marriage rallied -- arguments from.
How a Cincinnati judge could shape the case questions Tuesday centered around marriage and whether the decision to ban gay marriage should be left to individual states or the judicial system.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, considered a key vote for to the, who decisions gay rights.
At the start of arguments he joined concerned that marriage has been defined between a man and a woman for a long time.
"definition has been said.
"difficult for the court to say: we know better.'
"But later Kennedy, the:" couples say: 'we and the sacredness of the marriage.
Can procreate, the,, have a that can be fulfilled.'
"Kennedy also said that Bursch opposite-sex couples can child" "
When Bursch said rate up, Kennedy noted that if, "."
Kennedy said, "."
That marriage dignity. "
"parties to have that same" he said.
Chief Justice Roberts concerned the marriage.
He attorney representing the challengers:. "
He expressed concern about closing debate currently in.
"mean closing of debate, will have a consequence on how."
"they have a vote on than the courts," he said.
Conservative Justice Antonin Scalia and Justice Samuel Alito in their questioning of.
Scalia said the issue should be same-sex marriage, "."
Alito and woman cast doubt definition same-sex couples.
Sotomayor seemed supportive of the challengers.
When said that should be decided by the courts
"I suspect with to marry that there's some gay people who choose not to.
Are who not.
're anybody's liberty. "
A constitutional professor CNN said revealed surprises who expected Roberts.
Roberts':?
"We heard the today skepticism both sides of the argument" said.
"is's expected.
's Kennedy and Roberts. "
Vladeck also cautioned against and comments during the arguments, hours the multi-month deciding case.
The emotion flooded the courtroom, one protester seated began screaming
"you support gay marriage" the man dragged out of the courtroom to scream.
Lawyers the gay marriage case "" conservative Justice Antonin Scalia quipped as the man was dragged out to laughter in the courtroom.
Lawyers with the marriage organization which represented two of the cases wrapped into the Supreme Court case "an awe-inspiring and singular moment in the."
"It was incredibly moving in the Supreme Court chamber with their and.
And a compelling and mind irrefutable case on their behalf,'s favor of same-sex marriage court on Tuesday.
U.S.
Solicitor General Donald Verrilli, who represented the administration marriage, likening bans on same-sex marriage to handing status to Americans.
(CNN) Yemeni officials said Tuesday hit a school,.
The information came from two officials with the governor's office in Ibb, where the school is located, as well as Houthi sources from the group fighting for control of the country.
A source the Ministry in Ibb, said had been killed at Al, southwestern Yemen, as a result of an airstrike.
The officials from Ibb's said the base was targeted because Houthis have been sending reinforcements from Ibb to nearby provinces.
There were no casualties on the base, the officials said, but it was heavily damaged.
The school, which is 500, was the main target, the officials said.
Were heading when the attacks took place, the officials said.
The incident was what has become evident: in Yemen,, has left foreigners caught in the crossfire.
Those trying to escape their homes the country flung into fear,.
Explosions shattered Sanaa, the country's capital.
The fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks.
Children are known to have been killed and children maimed since the March said Monday.
That did not include the children reportedly killed in Maitam.
Separately, Saudi about of the armored southern separatists opposing the Houthis, according to a senior official in the separatist movement.
The about the Saudi military friendly, the anti-Houthi southern separatists
(The Houthis are southern).
"The Saudis have no one on the ground," he said, work coordination.
Little coordination. "
The group had recently captured about 100 pieces.
Among the weaponry, the official said.
20 Saudi attack.
The weekend smashed Yemen in the capital,.
Of bombs, the Houthis still control Sanaa.
The airstrikes have destroyed.
The electricity has gone on million living in areas said.
Many fear they will lose access as well.
Yemenis and foreigners scrambling to leave.
And sacks stuffed with clothes were seen boarding an Air India flight as they hastened to leave.
Some of them sprinted to the plane.
One wanted.
Many were newcomers to Yemen.
Thakur, a professor at, had lived in the capital for 34 years.
"" he said.
Exhausted by.
Goodness! "
He said.
Every minute.
The sky full of lights.
Some crying,.
Really. "
Last few days, India has evacuated Yemen, said Singh, the Indian minister overseeing the evacuation.
Flights are African nation.
Some fleeing on cities such as Aden.
"More in the streets in # Aden.
Families smashed mattresses on the roof,, Middle East the Red Cross.
Why bombing Yemen?
Rebels control the airport.
Airstrike Saudis to air access coordination.
Force gave Air India a window to and from Sanaa for a landing.
As the Air India plane approached the city,.
There were no roads.
Dozens of buildings were destroyed.
Airport terminal were untouched on of the and planes blown.
The passengers was swift.
They approached the planes carrying boarding passes --.
For the flight, they had to purchase exit.
Children sat on their laps to maximize the number of people on the plane.
Some as soon as they took their seats before.
Everyone carry of, especially nurses the wounded.
From Djibouti, the evacuees to their home nations.
"I can only pray for Yemen left behind," said.
Who's Saudi Arabia's Houthis?
The Houthi rebels,, forced President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power.
The Houthis put Hadi under house arrest when they overran Sanaa in January.
But Hadi escaped Aden President.
Their allies, including those loyal to Hadi's predecessor, fought Hadi in the Aden area.
Hadi fled Aden in late March, Saudi Arabia, when the rebels and their military allies advanced on the city.
Saudi Arabia, Yemen's neighbor to the north, to intervene with force along with other nations.
The Houthis are allied's bitter rival across the Gulf, the Saudis on.
At his briefing on Tuesday, Saudi Brig.
Gen. Ahmed Asiri told reporters ties between Iran.
He accused Iran of training Yemeni aircraft and weapons.
The Houthis, he said, "."
The U.S. role in the Saudis has grown since the bombing campaign began two weeks ago.
"We have expedited weapons deliveries we have in the Saudi operation," Secretary of State said.
In addition, the United States has promised the Saudi weapons used in the last two weeks.
U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter "emphasized the importance of when conducting airstrikes" when he spoke with Salman,.
What about sharing intelligence identifying targets?
A issue ties to Iran and concerns about civilian casualties.
Guidance from U.S. Central Command stops short of allowing the United States to tell the Saudis what targets to bomb, according to two U.S. officials who confirmed details of the guidance to CNN but declined to be identified due to the sensitivity of the matter.
Saudis have selected, officials said, and advise if there are civilian areas nearby "" such as hospitals.
A crisis with.
Perhaps.
The migrant crisis that has suddenly drawn journalists has been brewing for years, but in, the Mediterranean, --.
Almost four years ago, in Libya,, a glimpse of what was to come.
Late at night in the city of Misrata.
Hundreds of African migrants were caught between the Libyan (then a ").
They had come hoping.
They had been from government, rebels controlled.
They appealed to us to help them escape.
Nothing, they eventually out subsided.
The fall of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi's regime, covered so avidly, was followed by chaos,, focused as we journalists were on the next Syrian civil war.
That chaos of human has boomed.
Boom misery is coming in waves to the shores.
The focus today is lost at sea.
Aware underway, Italians are many migrants arrive, according to one official.
That is the Sicilian port of Catania, where many migrants arrive.
The city's mayor,, insists bear no ill will toward migrants, but Catania, and Sicily cannot absorb the numbers.
The rest of Europe must help carry the burden
"If something serious isn't done," "
This problem heads in. "
Increasingly, some Italians are losing their patience.
Two regions, Veneto and, have declared they will accept new migrants.
The has made opposition to new migrants a pillar.
Others, Italy open.
Port spoke with Grazia, small migrants.
"Many".
. "
Indeed,, millions of impoverished Italians left their homeland to settle in the Americas and Australia.
They migrants from Africa and the Middle East, were fleeing grinding poverty and war.
And they, too, resentment their descendants now call home.
That view, perhaps.
But now today are grappling with an ills ranging from states and economies to endemic corruption, oppression that no one or group of states can solve without a gargantuan and daunting effort.
Italy (CNN) The cramped galley is the smell of.
A tall, thin, sunburned of Italy's Guardia di Finanza is waxing eloquent on his food.
"We it from of Lampedusa," he declares asparagus nose.
How you break, which you keep aside to boil down in the pasta he is preparing Idone.
Cooking.
Europe Police's ship, the Calabrese, in Lampedusa.
The Mediterranean off Lampedusa, is Italy's southernmost territory,, the Tunisian coast.
In recent years, has been the point of entry to Europe from Africa and the Middle East.
Years ago, the Calabrese was on the look out for "," smugglers trafficking and drugs.
Its 12-man crew has to rescue East.
We board the ship,.
We see some Italian fishing boats by sight.
After, the's captain,, calling out quick as we approach a small boat.
The crew to tense up.
One man turns and focuses the beam on the boat, while binoculars read the name.
Busonera peers at the boat, which appears to be, shrugs.
"It's fine," he tells me.
Boat is riding. "
He waves to the boat, where an older.
Busonera thumbs up, and steers the ship.
For the Calabrese, is just fine with the crew.
They troubles an uneventful day.
About his experience at sea with the Guardia di Finanza.
And most took part in the rescue effort on October 3, 2013, after a ship with hundreds of migrants had gone down off Lampedusa.
More died in that disaster.
The crew rescue the survivors.
Cortese's cheery demeanor becomes serious.
"I remember out of the water,, a pregnant woman died," he recalls.
"There were children,",,
We recovered the children.
It was a bad situation.
I remember the body of a boy we recovered.
We put him.
In, he said waving had picked up the lifeless body.
Why migrants are risking their lives to reach Italy Cortese and Idone stress that as fathers, there is having to see.
"" recalls Cortese. "
And his shipmates doing military.
In the Mediterranean, with sight just how.
Although on land in Sicily recently, on the water, it's cold and windy.
On board the Calabrese are well-fed and in good company.
With state-of-the-art equipment, waves fear.
With conditions migrants have recounted to the boats unseaworthy dinghies they try to cross the Mediterranean.
They're water or crew and.
If they crew.
Many have of all they board.
Rescue crews Nepal began desperate quake near the capital of widespread damage and killing people.
The latest of Nepal streets in of more were rubble.
Stunned residents temples were now reduced.
Locals and tourists ferreted through mounds of debris in search of survivors.
Cheers rose from the piles when people were found alive bodies.
The injured overflowing hospitals where people gathered looking for relatives.
Dozens of bodies were pulled from Dharahara that came crashing down during the quake.
Killed on, the quake caused multiple avalanches.
A aftershocks continued to roil the area traumatizing.
Residents overnight for safety.
The death toll expected to rise as damage is assessed.
The loss so far "is really the the main cities, Nepal country director International, told CNN.
"earthquake rural areas have been hit as well.
Information from 80% of the areas have been destroyed. "
The quake was the strongest in the region.
Earthquakes in Nepal and Saturday's quake tremor, the earth kept shaking and buildings crashed.
"The reports of the devastation are numbers of people killed affected," said U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
"It is clear that very many lives have been lost."
Region were from the Nepal earthquake, the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said.
Out of Nepal districts were affected by the quake.
In neighboring Tibet, roads, buildings collapsed and at least 13 people were killed, state media reported, citing authorities.
Citizens in Nepal -- two and -- have been killed, state media reported, citing the Chinese Embassy in Kathmandu.
Officials confirmed at least 34 deaths in three quake.
The quake struck at: a.m. local time (
ET) and was centered less than 50 miles northwest of Kathmandu.
It occurred at a depth of 9.3 miles and quake.
It was reported by people in the area as having lasted a long time.
As seas.
In a valley surrounded by the Himalayas.
Siobhan, told CNN she was wandering temple complex at the moment of the earthquake.
Several collapsed, she said.
"It's not often you find yourself in a situation where," said adding that she sought shelter under the cafe.
It was. "
Heanue residents picked through the rubble.
They found 12 bodies.
"Unfortunately, that search was not".
"were at least pulled from the rubble in the square.
One of several temple complexes severely affected by the earthquake.
Dharahara,, was collapsed.
Heanue said 50 bodies were pulled from the ruins of Dharahara.
The tower,, with a view of Kathmandu.
Are you in or loved ones affected?
Share safe place.
CNN that the most massive earthquake to hit Nepal since 1934. "
Magnitude near Mount Everest, were killed.
Thomas,, was sitting in a coffee shop in Kathmandu district.
It appeared minor at first but told CNN.
Thousands poured onto the densely populated tourist hub.
"This is earthquakes," he said.
A lot of people had the feeling:,.
That uncharted territory...
's book. "
Outside, said he saw women gather near what had been a building.
One woman said children were trapped beneath rubble.
"ran over the rubble and," he said.
They survived. "
Another building had come down on where locals went said.
From the rubble.
"A group started gathering hammers and pickaxes and breaking through a re-enforced concrete wall to reach this guy...
It took about two hours with a alive.
Two bodies were found near the spot was said.
Not far away, the bodies of four women.
"lie beneath?"
He said.
The streets of Kathmandu were packed with thousands of tourists who didn't want to go back to their homes because of aftershocks.
Rob Stiles and his wife had just checked into a hotel when the earthquake struck.
"It felt" the resident said.
People panicked street "Outside ran onto the street,.
A huge brick wall crushed motorcycles and a car.
Later, as they walked around, an aftershock hit.
"People were screaming and looking around," he said.
"people clearly shaken, upset."
Denis, spokesman for, told weak building codes in Nepal.
"Building codes in Kathmandu have not been well upheld in recent years," he said.
"have been strengthen, that have gone across the Kathmandu Valley codes."
Chitra CNN security guard said Kathmandu and Pokhara.
On streets.
"in shock
Earthquake. "
Aid agencies for survivors in the coming days as overnight temperatures drop people to make electricity, water and shelter.
React quickly to save lives -- particularly children -- said Devendra, the aid.
"every minute the situation becomes worse," he said.
Food, clothing and medicine will be urgently required, said.
U.S. is providing assistance to Nepal, the U.S. Embassy said.
American disaster are to Nepal, the Embassy said.
"To the people affected by this tragedy our heartfelt sympathies," Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement.
Time.
The victims hospital people with broken bones and administering CPR to at.
With scrapes and were for those in need urgent care.
Fast earthquakes The U.S. Geological Survey measured strength at magnitude 7.5 but later upgraded it.
Strong aftershock magnitude 6.6 was more than a half-hour afterward,, the USGS reported.
The force of the quake was said by people who contacted "severe" to "" nearly the scale.
Tremors were felt as far as Delhi 200 miles away in neighboring India.
Official said magnitude 5.0.
The was rated as to "severe" on USGS.
CNN-IBN reported that roads.
IBN reporter K. Dhiksit saw buildings.
As he watched, an aftershock rattled the street.
"booming sounds".
How are earthquakes?
Photos and toppled buildings appeared on social media.
Modi said in a tweet, "We are in the process of finding information and reach out to those affected & Nepal."
Manesh reported from Kathmandu.
Ray Sanchez wrote and reported from New York.
Don Melvin wrote and reported from London.
Ben Brumfield and reported from Atlanta.
Kinsman, a former Florida student who has accused football player Jameis Winston of rape, has filed a lawsuit,.
Kinsman said raped her in December 2012.
A criminal charges in the case.
In lawsuit filed alleges sexual battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Winston has said the sex was consensual.
CNN statement.
"was expected," the statement said.
's false accusations already and times.
This.
Mr. Winston welcomes the opportunity to with.
Mr. Winston is looking forward to the [NFL] draft.
Dream.
CNN sexual assault revealed on.
Clears led the national championship the 2013 season and won the Heisman, the most player.
He is expected to be in the NFL begins April 30.
"As we didn't want to wait until the eve of he," said's attorney.
"motions on the FSU case Jameis filed."
Kinsman also sued the university.
According to police documents in the rape case, said raped her after she had been drinking with friends at a bar.
She said man gave her a glass of liquid before they left.
Kinsman said not what happened apartment had sex with her despite, according to police documents.
Kinsman reported the assault to FSU police that night.
A month later, in January 2013, she told Tallahassee police that Winston.
Tallahassee's police chief at the time,, said the woman "broke" with investigators in 2013 and didn't want to go forward with the case.
The family said Tallahassee is a "big football town" and if she.
(CNN) a Baltimore community activist was broadcast live.
As viewers watched Kent held up and walked in front of a police.
Officers rushed their and arrested him police media questions Kent.
Attorney Stephen Beatty confirmed Kent.
He was his client
"He wanted me to tell people most doesn't want violence," Beatty told CNN Wednesday.
The incident unfolded about the 10 p.m. curfew as Freddie.
Kent was being held according to Public.
Twitter continued to,,.
Investigators made 10 arrests in Baltimore, city Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said.
For violations, he said.
Said he met with Kent on Wednesday afternoon.
"He's OK,.
Safe, said.
Though had held released Kent.
Beatty checked Kent not officially.
He said Kent was just trying to getting people to when he was arrested.
"He went out to try to settle things down because he had seen what happened in this city previously,".
"thing he wanted was, and he was trying."
Kent was an,, at Morgan State University's Assistance Center, the school said Wednesday.
But Kent is not a student there and, as far as,, spokesman said.
A woman answered the phone at the EDAC talk about Kent and'd no further comment.
In November, the Baltimore City Paper ran a story about,, his participation in protests over a grand jury's decision not to indict a police officer in the August shooting of teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri.
He helped lead protesters Morgan campus City Hall the newspaper reported.
"Everyone knows at Morgan already, organizing and making everything running the correct way and and," he said to's.
Everybody knows I'm going the right way and civilians joined and saw the students were looking, before you knew it, the whole city and I whole city. "
Taylor Swift, who has with details of her, revealed news mother has cancer.
The singer did not divulge the cancer, saying "I keep her condition and treatment plans private."
, 57, her job as a mutual fund executive to raise Swift and's,, has joined her daughter and several of her videos.
In a post on Tumblr,, said year she asked her mom to get screened for potential issues "just to ease some of mine."
Her mother felt "perfectly fine" for tests ""
"saddened to tell you my mom has been diagnosed with cancer.
Keep her treatment private,, Swift added.
# PrayForMamaSwift was on Twitter, where Swift's prayers.
, Swift's mom retweeted more than 21,000 times.
Fans shared "" Swift's song "."
Swift urged her to make sure their parents get screened for cancer and other potential health problems.
"to know may be everything they've to go to the doctor and maybe reminding them to get checked for cancer to an....
"mind in knowing that and about."
Added that when things happen to me I process how I feel you.
This is my family you should know about now
"Thank you my family she want to share this information with you.
News.
Brady, pushed for stricter gun laws Act, died Friday, her family said.
Brady, the family said.
Jim was shot to prevent others from enduring what saved countless lives.
Brady was shot in the head by his in 1981.
Spent the rest of his life in a wheelchair,.
He died in August.
Sarah Brady was also involved in gun violence prevention for 30 years.
The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence and the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence died.
The National Rifle Association said its thoughts and prayers were with the Brady family.
Public policy Sarah Brady was the gun rights.
The said she got involved after her young son picked up what she thought was a toy gun on the seat.
Her son started to wave it around and she took it from him.
It was not a toy, she said,.
Gun was the one to shoot her husband.
"It hit me like a ton of bricks," she told CNN.
I asked Jim if he felt comfortable speaking out, and he said, 'Of course.' "
, The Bradys made it their business to be gun control activists.
Despite budgets that fraction of the gun, the Bradys helped pass federal laws Saturday 1993's Brady law requiring background checks on certain kinds of gun purchases and a ban on manufacturing and future sales of firearms from 2004.
Sarah Brady's for CNN.com President Bill Clinton, and Hillary Clinton said in a statement that the were champions. "
Sarah Brady campaign remarkable families are safer today "
Brady President said in a statement saving as many lives as Sarah and James.
"Our nation has lost a great hero and friend," he said.
"would want carrying legacy compassion and dedication."
A New York Democrat who helped write the bill, concurred.
"She was strong and forceful,, friend and patriot for decades," he said.
"She was a hero and will be missed by America."
James Brady was one of four people wounded in's hotel.
Head wound, it was reported at one point that had.
He was, however, left partially paralyzed.
Severely wounded the attack and served two terms as President.
Was guilty by the years.
The bill was over approved and signed into law.
(CNN) Ibrahim al-Douri, a top Saddam Hussein figure in the Iraqi government, has been killed in a security operation, Iraqi television reported Friday.
Was member of Hussein regime "" troops most-wanted officials.
A have extremist group Naqshbandi Army.
Analysis says the ISIS Iraq.
An Iraqi forces militia members the Mountains between,, militia said.
That is a predominantly Shiite fighting group that worked with Iraqi troops earlier this month to liberate the city from ISIS.
The death of al-Douri was also reported by the province,, spoke Iraqi television.
Body arrived Friday, DNA samples were taken to the Shiite Hashd Shaabi in an interview with state-run Iraqiya TV.
Test results could be spokesman al-Kilabi told.
U.S. military is aware of to evaluate, said Col. Patrick Ryder, spokesman for U.S. Central Command.
Officials of al-Douri's role in the Hussein regime States.
A vice of the country revolutionary in Hussein effectively Hussein's No.
2 man.
Hussein's regime fell during a U.S.-led invasion in 2003.
The military had said after the Iraqi fall, al-Douri helped finance with money transferred before the government.
A, al-Douri presided over parade by one seen,.
Al-Douri saluted troops reviewing as they marched.
Days before invasion, al-Douri addressed an emergency summit of the Islamic Conference to discuss avert war.
Al-Douri accused the Kuwait for his country calling the neighboring state the United States.
Kuwaiti representative countered, "Shut up down [."
Kuwaiti television the and rejoined later.
Al-Douri's efforts were all in vain.
The United States invaded Iraq on March 19, 2003, al-Douri.
Years, several asserted that al-Douri was killed during the war and its aftermath.
A man claiming to be al-Douri released a number over the years taunting Iraqi officials.
Videos appeared online to show al-Douri after.
CNN the videos the man speaking bore a striking resemblance to al-Douri.
, The man who claimed to be al-Douri wore and sat behind an Iraqi background.
Iraq's Shiite-dominated government, led by Nuri al-Maliki, as well as what he described as neighboring Iran.
Dawa says al-Douri announced Iraq. "
At years since the invasion, al-Douri claimed that Iraq was still in peril.
"hear the sounds of danger daily and threatening the country," he said.
The videos of the Baath Party, a political party founded in Syria provided Party.
CNN's Hamdi Alkhshali reported from Baghdad.
CNN's Jason Atlanta and.
(CNN) Chinese President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi are two leaders of the world's most populous nations.
One is making history.
A Mars year, Modi reveled.
"History has been created today," he said.
"have out achieved the impossible
"success of a shining symbol of what we are as a nation."
The feat, he took to the stage at New York's famous Madison Square Garden and received that called "America's First Modi."
, Modi his India production.
Modi to on the fast track, China's economy is slowing after of breakneck growth.
The slowdown to boost domestic spending,.
And it's predicted that the world's fastest growing economy.
So is the world's largest democracy primed to overtake the world's biggest state as the?
India from China Not so fast, says China watcher India correspondent Ananth.
"China is India, reporter said
India grows and China grows, I think it makes a good headline.
Get what of China and India. "
China's economy but India faces a list of challenges including unemployment, and lack of infrastructure.
"In terms of education access to,, China has done well.
Far compared to India, said R..
"free the country (India) is there are a lot of basic issues."
Modi as businesses to spur growth.
Despite Modi's big pro-business push, India simply can't size up China raw.
"a manufacturing powerhouse, time to build that kind of manufacturing capability," said,.
"It's not just costs.
You have to have industry of.
You have to have the knowledge.
You have to have skills.
You have the international market, she said.
"India could compete, I don't think that is going to be happening."
The Indian be ahead, ahead.
China has the capacity,, to throw its weight around.
Being a single party state with Xi can long-term goal without fretting.
But that's not the has on all fronts, especially when it comes to the region.
"Even China is Asian
"India is less threatening than China's rise."
With the border dispute still many in India, the impression of China as a threat stands in the way.
"If India's probably in the most dire need of infrastructure, it's Chinese build,".
When Modi touches down in Beijing for his second meeting with Xi, can leaders cast business?
"As pragmatic as President Xi is, as pragmatic as Modi is, economic integration is going to trust,".
The two ambitious leaders elephant could leap at the opportunity for economic alliance.
"If these two countries come together, the world are going to be prosperous," said Vellamore.
Together be a new region to all of Asia. "
Kenya (CNN) Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto on Saturday gave the United -- the world -- "."
"The way America is Kenya will change Garissa," said, statement.
Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed University in eastern Kenya this month, killing 147 people.
Kenya's government says leader whose Kenya "extends into the sprawling complex, according to to CNN.
'terror highest-ranking person in Kenya's government President Uhuru Kenyatta government has had discussions with United Nations officials about what to do with the camp.
On Saturday, a U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said the agency had not received any request from Kenya's Dadaab.
The U.N. refugee agency set up the Somalia.
The agency of both agreed in 2013 for the refugees.
That was to be agreed-upon accordance with the "freely expressed wish and relevant knowledge of" where they'd end up, according to the pact.
None, it seems, applies now by Ruto on Saturday.
It's not clear where he expects the refugees to go, Somalia Kenya.
Be a monumental task, the already difficult lives of more than 600,000 Somalis who call the camp home.
Needs in the, which has seen devastating droughts and have tested its residents trying to help.
As tough are are seen life in Somalia, where Al-Shabaab has carried out violent attacks for years.
The Islamist extremist group confined its homeland, as the Garissa attack and Westgate Mall, which ended with at least 67 dead.
The Dadaab complex came under the Mall attack, too.
But Nima Elbagir from Somalia to refugee undetected by taking or "rat routes," like others have done, among them.
Along porous borders as well,, Kenya's challenge in keeping out threats from Somalia.
That's why, in addition to moving Dadaab Kenya () the border from Kiunga -- Ruto says has begun to prevent Al-Shabaab from getting into Kenya.
Also businesses collaborating with the militant group will be shut down.
Kenyan airstrikes on Somalia after the massacre.
"We must secure this country at whatever cost, Somalia," Ruto said.
, The death of 147 students touch. "
(CNN), known around the world for his "," has died, said.
He was 87.
Grass died in a clinic in the city of Luebeck where he was taken over the weekend, said publishing.
German media he.
Focused and genocide his childhood city of Danzig,, Poland.
The Nazi era, multicultural, at a time when faced.
"In the past, Günter Grass goes most and he" the Nobel committee wrote when it awarded him the prize in 1999.
, An outspoken figure, has last.
In, that at the age of 15, in 1943, volunteered ended up in SS.
Said he had no excuses for,, which he saw then as an elite.
A he penned a in he to German dictator Adolf Hitler.
Three years ago, Grass drew controversy again when he published a poem in discouraging Germany from selling submarines to Israel.
"said" Grass accused Germany of weapons to Holocaust.
Grass said Iranians.
German pilloried him.
A visa ban, then-Interior Minister Eli Yishai declared Grass a persona non grata ", the Jerusalem Post reported.
Novel characters are forgotten weird, Nobel said.
".
The committee said,, Rushdie.
On Monday, tweeted Grass' death: "
A true inspiration, "
",", "by having its protagonist an intelligence of a a monster who he approaches with the help of a drum," the committee wrote.
The committee praised Grass the German language and his ability exploit its possibilities seemingly endless yet graceful sentences.
Contemporary culture -- broad of his.
In later years, he his -- and current events.
March, Grass criticized anti-Islam movement, the West.
The fire a jab at government that he said was by interests.
"It's Islam that threatens the Republic)," he said in an interview with, "
Decayed democracy "
(CNN) For decades, Bikram Choudhury built.
Signature "" his name drew devotees over the world.
He became a spiritual celebrity icon with a long list of followers and friends.
But brand is yoga dropping his name after the guru was accused of sexual assault by six of his former students.
Responding to the allegations for the first time with said he wanted to set the record straight.
"," he said, "tell I never assaulted."
Choudhury, saying he would sex because
"Women like me.
Women, he said.
"if I really wanted to involve the women, I don't have to assault."
He said he feels sorry for his accusers, claiming to.
I have nothing against them.
I don't think they're bad people.
It's them, he said.
"They are influenced by somebody."
But Choudhury's accusers say he's the one.
"This is good, he's hurting and hiding behind this stuff he's" said now sexual.
He's got to stop lying.
People. "
Choudhury is's Yoga College of India.
Prominently on its website, his system of performing unique yoga in a hot room.
With heated to 105 degrees, he credits with transforming people and minds.
He said he's a calling to help.
Civil lawsuits filed story of Choudhury describing him as someone who preyed on women.
's of sexual assault, five women have come forward with civil lawsuits claiming.
The, declined to pursue.
At, said she felt Bikram Yoga would be the answer to her years of pain and depression.
Really quite me
...
A she said describing her class.
Baughn said she could attend's.
But within the first week, she said,.
Meeting Choudhury, said, the guru.
What should we do?
Make this a relationship
...
've known life.'
It was shocking.
I system imploded, she said.
, She said her late one night with him in her career.
"He crawled on top of me and put his hand on my,, and he,," she said.
That he needed somebody to, to massage him,,.
He said, 'I need someone have sex with me.' "
She said, claimed she if he didn't have sex with her.
I pushed him off me and I said, 'I can do this myself.'
He said, '
No way.'
, She said.
In, she said pinned her against when she was left alone late one night at a teacher training course.
I terrified.
I didn't want to be touched again.
When I reached the door, he was there ".
"He was.
He pushed up against me and me, "she said.
"And he started kissing my chest and body.
And very hard. "
Ultimately, Baughn said and.
Choudhury said's claims are false.
Not.
I don't.
't have to, he said.
He said he never be alone with students.
He repeatedly denied having consensual sex.
Asked whether he'd had sex with students, he responded "no."
"I have students," said Choudhury married wife.
"Sometimes students, they commit suicide.
Of commit sex with them "
Bikram claimed he.
But when asked for evidence, Bikram's attorney.
Robert, attorney, said there are reasons to doubt the accusers' claims.
"We know for a fact that these claims allegedly occurred and years ago nobody came forward," he said.
", lawyer blasts asking they've all of these people come and all have very."
Shegerian, Baughn's attorney, said that's simply not true.
When Baughn started her story, he said, others were inspired to speak out.
"When she came forward and went public people and other also a confidence happened to them," he said.
Baughn said she was inspired by her young daughter.
"She's.
But girl and all was the road road and assaulted, she said.
Choudhury vowed to clear his name.
The damage has been done to his family.
Cries describes how his wife responded to the allegations.
"My wife," he said
"My, my wife...
Every day. "
He said,.
How can my heart?
I any other.
This?
I'm a? "
He said
Shame, culture.
Shame.
World.
(CNN) You know the phrase ""
It.
Not anymore.
The U.S. military said this week it has made great progress in its effort to develop a bullet.
, "smart bullets" .50-caliber projectiles with -- passed their most of live-fire tests, according to the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA.
In the tests, an experienced marksman "repeatedly hit moving targets," a statement said.
"Additionally," the statement said, "a novice the first time hit a target."
In other words, to a shot mark.
The system has been developed by DARPA's Extreme Accuracy Ordnance program, known as EXACTO.
"True to DARPA's mission, EXACTO has demonstrated what the of a bullet target," said Dunn,.
"This demonstration showed that EXACTO is able to targets accuracy ranges with traditional rounds.
Fitting's guidance capabilities .50-caliber the guided projectiles across, Dunn said.
Videos supplied show bullets making sharp turns they pursue their targets.
All of a fleeing bullet follows.
Only are miles.
And even can't run that fast.
DARPA says help shooters to hit targets.
(CNN) In Russia's tightly-managed politician, the country's.
President Vladimir Putin an isolated figure,, traveling by helicopter or motorcade.
State television often show him in formal meetings with subordinates,.
Interaction with ordinary Russians is usually carefully controlled and fleeting.
That is why this annual Q & A session -- which Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television -- is such a such.
Russian leader, at least as most Russians ever get.
Years sitting in a studio surrounded by audience of doctors, teachers, workers, Putin held forth on subjects from parenting to food prices,.
Last year 55 minutes.
In 2013, a record-breaking hours.
Organizers say this year, interest.
Call center in Moscow, are to pitch their Putin say 200,000 questions in the first hour after lines opened.
The Kremlin says they sift through well over video to decide who to ask what on the big day.
A few would-be questions released ahead of the event give a flavor of Russia.
From the, asks: "Vladimir Putin's middle name, prices going up in the shops but wages staying the same?"
And Russia's economic crisis, which saw the Russian currency, the ruble, plunge by 50%, is theme.
Foreign policy.
With Moscow at odds with the West, some released questions show how concerned ordinary Russians are about the world.
One asks: "Is Russia's United?
A Iron Curtain? "
It's Russian schoolchildren who want to hear Putin's answer.
Critics of the course, slam this entire Russia.
It's hard to imagine a truly critical question,, getting here.
In fact, its best not to look at this event as an opportunity for Russians to question their leader at all.
Instead, it is a highly, choreographed chance for their leader to and.
Kremlin.
Last Edward Snowden, granted asylum,.
(CNN) Greenpeace activists have climbed aboard a protest drill.
The six protesters used ropes and harnesses Monday huge in, tweeting their daunting climb as they went.
We!
We're.
We're not alone, ", protest.
Turn! "
The,, is on its way to the Arctic via Seattle.
The activists caught with it northwest of Hawaii said.
They plan to occupy the rig's main have for several days.
Shell didn't immediately respond to request for comment.
But company Weegh told Agence jeopardized activists and crew.
Greenpeace is last week to lift suspensions on leases for oil and gas in the Chukchi Sea, which lies between Alaska and Russia.
Shell and several other oil companies exploration leases for the sea.
U.S. government decision "means that could begin drilling,".
Plans before drilling can start.
Shell's work has suffered in the past, including a drilling barge that ran aground off Alaska on 2012.
Greenpeace has repeatedly used to bring attention to its cause.
One group of its activists was detained by authorities in 2013.
The episode the activists the is from from Malaysia, Greenpeace said.
American protester Field, from.
U.S. Coast Guard wasn't immediately available for comment.
Panama City (CNN) This was the handshake that shook the Western Hemisphere.
President Obama met the leaders Americas.
This was historic.
The two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for years.
The Summit of the Americas, Castro greeted each other.
Cuba and the United States endured a half-century of tension the.
Those years include some of the U.S. history,, and the boatlift.
But the two leaders up historic face-to-face.
Obama spoke Wednesday with the Cuban leader before.
They met Friday are expected to when the summit.
Obama arrived in Panama late Thursday for the in was tinged with animosity at Cuba's exclusion.
Marine One,, Panama landed on the same tarmac.
Panamanian television both.
During their call Wednesday, Obama and Castro discussed the ongoing process of normalizing relations between the United States and Cuba, according to Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes.
He "made sense" for the two leaders anticipated interactions Friday and Saturday.
Those run-ins will talks between the United States and Cuba since a meeting between then-Vice President Richard Nixon.
"We're in new territory here," Rhodes said on Friday.
"The reason we're here is that the President strongly approach seeking Cuban States."
Obama to Havana in talks over reopening embassies
Obama is expected to announce the list of terrorism, a major advance in ties between the two countries.
The White House Wednesday Obama on Thursday a a final determination.
The White House isn't ruling out a final decision before Obama leaves Panama late Saturday.
In remarks during a brief on Thursday, Obama was ready to remove Cuba from the list, which also includes Iran and Syria.
", emphasis," Obama said
"So given a do terrorism, those designations in case."
"As circumstances change, then that list will change as well," he said.
While Cuba expressed of the thaw White House argues countries.
Obama said in Jamaica he "immediately overnight everything would transform."
The overtures to Cuba have not been popular Obama was as.
Landed in tensions between anti-Castro activists on full display.
Dissidents violently this week by supporters of the Cuban government.
(CNN) 2 the fly world a drop of fuel has been grounded in China.
What was supposed to be an overnight stop in the southwestern city of Chongqing has now stretched into a two-and-a-half week stay.
It's an unexpected patience the pilots and more than members, journey some 35,000 kilometers () months.
"You can believe that will can," says pilot who from.
"you because it doesn't work
"just know that it's an adventure of nature."
With,, are taking turns flying the which and India, and Myanmar.
There is much at stake.
Their mission, which is aimed at proving the power,, has been years in the making.
In many ways, it has's.
But so far, the Solar Impulse 2 has been spending a lot of time on the ground.
The latest, because cross winds in Nanjing, the plane's destination, be too strong around its expected time.
Of just 2,300 kilograms -- the perfect conditions,, in order.
While the team is used to waiting, they are eager.
"boss is" Impulse spokeswoman Claudia Durgnat.
Durgnat says window ahead, the on Tuesday.
"It's not days after don't clear."
Delay, says the plane schedule.
's month northern hemisphere days, the plane can venture across the Pacific Ocean.
More than 17,000 tops of its wings and fuselage, the Solar Impulse day, in order to power the motors that carry it through the night, speeds.
Inside tent at the end of the Chongqing a skeleton of less than a dozen to complete the tasks.
The crew has weeks.
With the extended stay, no time is wasted.
Spends the afternoon in the cockpit, to prepare for crossings over the Atlantic Ocean ""
The plane then return to Abu Dhabi, where it had taken off.
Nearby, technicians repair a the computers which display information in the cockpit, so they don't overheat.
Meanwhile, Borschberg has returned to Switzerland to rest and get treatment for a and condition.
The team expects back in China early next week.
Borschberg scheduled to fly first leg of the Pacific, which could last five days.
The airplane is ready.
The ready.
We've been waiting for that since long, says Piccard.
Borschberg and Piccard, who piloted plane across the U.S. in 2013, are no strangers.
(CNN) Freddie Gray did not get medical care after he was not buckled into a seat belt while being transported in a police van, Baltimore police said.
Police Commissioner Anthony Batts told reporters excuses that Gray was not as transported to a police station.
Five days after Gray's death amid ongoing protests, police officials acknowledged mistakes made during and after his arrest.
After a foot pursuit through several complexes, received medical attention at the scene of his arrest, said Police.
Witness said the man was indicated he was having difficulty breathing.
Batts told news conference: "We know our police him medical attention in."
About Gray's condition at each of the three stops the police.
At the stop Gray was placed in.
The driver stopped a second time "to deal with Gray and".
The van stopped one more time to add a second.
At the officer saw Gray on the floor of the van,.
The van driver picked him up and put him on the seat, the commissioner said.
When the District police called, said charge.
An attorney for the Gray family said it was positive news is.
"acknowledging the truth that the police did" Downs told CNN's "Erin Burnett OutFront."
"What does it does at the core of this case and did Mr. Gray need medical attention in the first place?
That's the question has not been answered.
The developments came days after a police union attorney spoke of the possibility that the injuries occurred during a "rough ride," a frequently claimed practice in which vehicles are driven in a way that injures suspects.
City left paralyzed in Baltimore Sun reported.
Died one week after him.
He suffered a severe spinal cord injury.
His family said his box was crushed and his.
Batts said he had given preliminary results of an autopsy on Gray.
The medical autopsy may take another 30 days said toxicology tests still need to be examined and experts brought in to assess Gray's injury.
Incident and police response grow organizers vowed would "."
"The people are demanding immediate arrests end and the stonewalling," said Shabazz, president.
But he officials vowed the protests would be peaceful -- much as Thursday night despite a few scuffles.
"No one has come to try" another organizer, Rev.
Tim, told reporters.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake thanked those who have demonstrated peacefully.
"Our community is very clear.
Answers, she said.
The mayor said that will take some time, concerns about what happened to Gray.
"I still want to know why the policies and procedures were not followed," Rawlings-Blake said.
There is frustration over this investigation, to be clear,. "
Calls for Gray's death saying he would not.
Police first encountered Gray as they patrolled an area known for crime and drug activity.
Gray, authorities said,.
Gray was arrested after police found what they said was a switchblade.
An attorney for Gray's said a knife of size.
One video shows to, his legs.
"His broke!"
A bystander witness captures on a cell phone video.
That who only wants to, said she knew a and man.
Day, he said one.
"When I ran up the street and I asked him was screaming,".
"He didn't say no, he said 'I can't' and was yelling."
's attorneys said police didn't have chase but was black. "
Police union attorney Michael Davey said officers had every right to give chase.
"a case states police unprovoked he said.
"In, you do not need probable cause to arrest.
You need reasonable suspicion. "
An attorney for the, said police have a lot of questions that need to be answered.
"What was the suspicion?
They our? "
He said.
"He had no weapon.
He was committing no crime and he wasn't hurting anybody.
The police had no reasonable suspicion, the attorney said.
The family has not seen the autopsy report, said.
Downs said the family has commissioned an independent autopsy.
Five of the six officers have provided statements to investigators, the department has said.
Officer has invoked his right to refuse to answer,.
Baltimore protests demonstrators are asking Justice Department is investigating whether civil rights were violated during the arrest.
Rawlings-Blake said earlier is needed given the police.
Wake, memorial service and funeral following on Monday.
Beijing (CNN) A day after the Chinese government released five on bail, their supporters the.
Tingting,, Li Tingting and Wu freed from the Haidian Detention Center Beijing Monday.
The five activists on -- aged 25 -- were picked up by cities just before March 8 International Women's Day.
Had a harassment on.
"I'm still speechless and don't know how to react," tweeted girlfriend Suan the couple's the news.
"No tears we do."
"I can't hide being released on bail is not the end of their ordeal,"'s lawyer Yan on Chinese social media.
"Without closing their cases, live we have our work cut out."
Police recommended prosecutors charges carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison.
The women are considered suspects in an investigation and may face charges in the future, lawyer Liang told CNN.
Be a year with, and police for, Liang added.
", he said.
Detention of these China's legal system. "
Under China's household registration system, only a Beijing.
Police back their, their work and lives, according to the women.
Called Women's Rights Action trailblazers.
Their protests highlighted violence,, state media.
Their detention had drawn widespread condemnation, including from the United States.
"has the right to speak out against many injustices that around the world," said the Secretary of State in a statement.
"We strongly support the efforts of these activists to make challenging silence them."
's rights announced presidency called the jailing the "", joining the "free".
China, insisting country law and its judicial sovereignty be respected.
Supporters of the activists sense the chilling effect on China's society as the Communist Party under President Xi Jinping continues to tighten its grip.
"people feel more afraid," said's lawyer Wang.
(CNN) uncrewed International Space Station.
Was.
In a bid to land a rocket stage on time, space company.
SpaceX Musk tweeted: "
Dragon enroute to Space Station.
Rocket landed, but too hard.
Clarified rocket landed, but tipped over.
SpaceX tried to land on the drone in January, but the rocket.
SpaceX has said it will keep trying and,, hopes to land rockets on the ground.
Usually rockets in's space boosters fall into the ocean.
So why to land?
Musk wants to cut costs.
He says that figure reuse rockets just to space will be reduced by a factor of a hundred. "
What about the rest of the rocket and the Dragon?
Part of the rocket will carry the Dragon into orbit and cargo in Earth's atmosphere.
The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver 4,300 pounds (1,950 kilograms) of supplies,, an espresso maker that astronauts can use to make coffee and tea.
The space station crew will spend about five weeks unpacking the Dragon.
They'll then stuff it with over 3,000 pounds of science experiments and other stuff to send back to Earth.
Space station mission to the California.
This is the sixth SpaceX mission to the International Space Station.
Was the first space to station.
Tuesday's launch was the second attempt for this mission.
Weather.
(CNN) A student accused of suing the school to brand him a "rapist" cleared of Sulkowicz's 2013 rape Sulkowicz went public.
A to protest the handling of the complaint, saying she hoped sexual.
CNN name sexual assault, both have spoken publicly.
They also both said in separate interviews with The New York Times that Nungesser was cleared in a disciplinary hearing.
Nungesser, an international student from Germany, filed a federal discrimination lawsuit last week against the school; its president; and the professor who oversaw Sulkowicz, "" as part of her senior thesis.
The lawsuit alleges violated Nungesser's right by allowing Sulkowicz to speak out against him after he.
April stood Sulkowicz "" for her safety.
Harassment continued,, when Columbia arts professor let Sulkowicz "transform her personal vendetta" into a "" "Weight" for her, allowing her to earn school credit through "outrageous harassment."
Bollinger also commented on the profile of Sulkowicz senior at Columbia.
A person who is one of my students, I care about all of my students.
Been mistreatment, I am affected.
Is. "
"the obligation" to protect Nungesser,, the lawsuit claims.
"refusing Columbia University's."
University declined to comment on the lawsuit.
School declined to confirm the's disciplinary proceedings.
"As we said, we do not commented only privacy law, but that they and" spokesman Robert.
Kessler also declined to comment on the lawsuit.
The case has dueling narratives from both sides in media outlets.
The came in he shared exchange messages his claim.
Were included in the lawsuit, Sulkowicz told CNN the suit.
She also balked at the idea that sue the school professor "an art piece."
"It's ridiculous that given continued to when artistic expression of the trauma experienced,".
How? "
The project essentially consists of Sulkowicz carrying a twin-size.
She's carrying herself to help.'s complaint seeks trial for his and future career prospects.
(CNN) The arrest and death of Freddie Gray in Baltimore has sparked accusations of police brutality.
How Gray was arrested on a weapons charge, that led to his death.
Big questions surrounding:: Gray arrested a in a area of Baltimore.
He "gave up the use of force," Baltimore Deputy Police Commissioner Rodriguez said.
Officer Taser use on Gray never deployed it, Rodriguez said.
The officers described using force against.
Gray was placed inside a police van and able to talk, said Rodriguez,.
"Mr. Gray was taken out of that van, breathe" according.
Police have said Gray was buckled seat belt during booking.
What we know: It the the arrest, it's unknown what, if anything, inside the van.
Phone shot Gray has been handcuffed,.
He heard screaming.
"He was dragged" said Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, ", he was able-bodied when he was in the van.
We know he was taken out unresponsive. "
One woman who recorded the arrest said she knew Gray.
"When the street and the first thing I asked him was OK I heard him screaming," the woman said.
He or said 'breathe' and was yelling. "
And police said.
At 8: a.m. At 9 a.m., police called for Gray.
Police say Gray requested medical attention,, and later took him to Maryland's Shock Trauma Center.
Police Davis have asked for medical attention immediately after Gray asked for it.
What we don't know: It's unknown why screamed, cell phone video doesn't capture the incident,.
And it's unclear why police didn't call an ambulance sooner.
: In the wake of Gray's death, six police officers were suspended.
Their names were released last week.
The suspensions are an "" said Police Department spokesman Capt.
Kowalczyk.
The officers involved, he said.
They are: 41, who joined in 1997; Officer Caesar Goodson, 45, who joined in 1999; Sgt.
White, who joined in 2010; Porter, who joined in 2012, and Officer,, who joined in 2012.
Three of the six officers were on bicycles, according to.
Officer arrest after it was,, the police said.
What we don't know: The officers didn't,.
Details about what officers specifically did have been released.
CNN obtained more than 20 criminal court cases in Maryland against five still active at the time.
The mostly drug-related charges charges from March of property.
Gray was due in court a April 24.
He had been in prison since 2009 for various drug cases Department of Corrections.
He was sentenced for possession.
Shields said drug.
Gray was paroled on June 30, 2011.
April 2012, Gray was arrested for parole but he didn't go back to prison, said reasoning that, "."
Gray did return to, behind bars before his release.
What we know: It's not known whether Gray's had anything to do with his arrest, or.
What we know: Protesters have taken to the streets of Baltimore two days after's.
A chanting "No justice!
No peace! "
On they marched to City Hall.
Been on, rioters damaged buildings and vehicles.
Looters stole goods from several stores.
Some groups intervened, keeping out of.
The demonstrators are Gray's death and as.
Similar protests were held in Ferguson following Michael Brown's death.
Other protests have sprung up in other cities in the past week.
"Mr. Gray's family deserves justice, told CNN's Anderson Cooper.
Our community,, and to make sure that this doesn't happen again.
The mayor said that any information will be relayed to the public.
"I want people to understand that I have no interest in hiding information,,".
Some protesters called for the officers to be arrested.
Police Commissioner Anthony Batts to resign.
What we know: no get answers about how Gray died.
We know: police are looking into Gray's death and are expected to have a report for prosecutors by Friday.
The probe, the officers, is standard whenever someone dies while in custody.
Police findings will go to the state's attorney's office, where prosecutors will decide whether charges should be filed.
Batts said a medical examiner had findings needed to get back the reports, which.
Asked for an outside investigation given the city's dark history of police misconduct.
The Justice Department, which announced a collaborative initiative with in October of its, is looking into the Gray case said last week.
That federal investigation will gauge whether a prosecutable civil rights violation may have occurred.
What we don't know: investigators, both local and federal,.
It is unclear if the medical examiner the evidence Batts news conference.
What we know: allege that Baltimore Police Department Officer arrested Gray after.
Gray called the allegation "."
Gray was carrying a "pocket knife of size," attorney told CNN.
Police saw and chased Gray only after he ran from them, the attorney said.
The court documents say Gray noticing police. "
"The officer the of pocket.
The defendant was arrested without force or incident, ".
"was recovered by officer to be a one-hand-operated knife."
Maryland law makes it illegal to "carry a weapon" -- including switchblades -- "."
't's not that is a crime, said.
"not probable cause someone.
So have questions, she said.
(CNN) The people of Nepal are still trying to recover and.
A in country impact.
(CNN) the ocean's surface combat submarines carry out devastating and land.
For decades, the U.S. has maintained its dominance in the world's oceans by technologically advanced submarine fleet.
Officials say rapidly expanding the size and scope of submarine forces.
And, according to a report by the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments, the submarines prioritize new underwater.
"are looking at in this world of advanced submarines," Vice Adm. Joseph Mulloy told the House Armed Services sea subcommittee in February.
Is chief for capabilities says Chinese submarines technologically used by the United States is shrinking.
Match U.S. underwater capabilities in the near future has the development of an unmanned drone ship to independently track ultra-quiet submarines of for.
A research group called the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), Continuous Trail Vessel () would be able to operate control as remotely controlled vessels on specific missions.
"approaches that push the boundaries of today's automated sensing systems for unmanned vessels," said DARPA.
The kinds of vessels to sense and day, would significantly advance our ability to conduct missions. "
DARPA says and cost $20 million less than the manned warships currently in use.
The development aligns with described Navy Secretary Ray Mabus Tuesday at the League's Space symposium at National Harbor, Maryland.
"Unmanned systems in ever-increasing areas," Maybus said.
Streamline champion unmanned systems in. "
(CNN), the man who recorded a police officer, told CNN on Thursday he was told to stop.
"One of the officers told () to what did an" he told CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360."
Santana told wait eventually he left the scene.
Santana said he feared for his life kept him recording.
When he recorded a of Charleston Police officer Michael Slager as Scott was Saturday.
That led to officer murder charge.
Santana said on the scene while walking to his job he saw on top of on the ground.
He could hear the Taser use.
At no time did Santana see Scott go after the.
He believes Scott was trying.
"Mr. Scott tried to" told CNN.
Police said Slager used a Taser against Scott, but Slager would tell that at.
After shot Scott five times, the officer.
Santana thinks the Taser said he.
Neither nor a Taser was captured on video, Santana.
What we know about Officer,, outcries police of African-Americans led to a white.
Scott was black.
Police said Slager pulled the 50-year-old Scott over a Saturday.
Scott according to video, Slager reasons the officer chased him.
When video begins, Scott starts running away from officer Slager.
Before Scott.
Who was Scott?
Scott Scott, told Santana for coming.
"was.
God.
He's the the I believe, Scott said.
Santana agreed.
"I was right," he said.
There for. "
Judy Scott said she couldn't watch the recording.
"When I saw my son and the policeman behind him, I couldn't take it," she said.
I had to.
't.
In an interview with, Santana suggested that he was giving media interviews to protect himself against retribution.
"At some point I thought, and don't show my face, about it.
I face,, including the police,, Santana said.
Santana did not say he had received threats.
His attorney,, said's video would be useful -- not only into the shooting but into whether Scott received prompt medical attention.
Video, a second officer to examine Scott with.
Witness video official accounts said after recording a few minutes saw anyone perform CPR.
A police report says a third officer -- not the video -- reported seeing an officer administering first aid, and that "CPR."
On Wednesday,, North Charleston police Chief Eddie said "(what I saw was) believed to life-saving, but I'm not sure what took place there."
A timeline CNN Ray contributed to.
Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights ET.
(CNN) in Detroit man bloodied during a traffic stop was charges arrested charged with beating him and the police chief has stepped down.
On Monday, Wayne County Prosecutor charges assault a prisoner against William.
The former Michigan officer who police grabbing the unarmed motorist,, around the neck while on the ground and punching him several times.
"The alleged case" said.
On Dent, 57, dropped in Michigan the motorist.
"crying and was very emotional," said the assistant to Dent.
Of the of Police Chief Vicki Yost announced Wednesday her resignation, according to City Manager Richard Marsh.
For investigation, she face the investigation.
A statement, and his attorney Greg "We are all ecstatic,.
This is the right direction.
Net.
Yost did not respond to a request for comment.
A veteran Ford automotive worker was arrested stop on charges of drug possession,.
Court Wednesday, the arrest.
Melendez pleaded the new charges in an arraignment Tuesday Court, according to his lawyer, David Lee.
"the charges said.
"be disturbed at [the video] however everyone until all the facts come out law."
's came after the two and County Prosecutor's Office.
In the police report written after the arrest, Melendez wrote that after Dent threatened.
Wrote that as he approached the car, Dent "as if on a narcotic" and said, "I'll kill you."
Dent told CNN that he had never bit.
I didn't bite anyone.
I didn't.
He was in Dent said.
Rohl alleged the cocaine found at the scene.
(CNN) The United Nations is appealing to help Nigerian following attacks.
Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking schools, churches and mosques.
It has more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in April.
Majority of them remain missing.
The militants have attacked, sending 192,000 people seeking shelter in Niger.
"Displaced people across are in a dramatic situation and are unable to return to their homes," Ahua the U.N. Aid provide the refugees with access to education.
"In refugee camps, children cannot attend school because of,".
Mental health are crucial to the survivors violence, according to the U.N.
Children amid trauma
"The conflict has had a devastating impact on many who were forcibly recruited" Ahua said.
The appeal encompasses the needs of 23 and nongovernmental organizations helping refugees.
"Adequate funding aid conditions refugees in respond to needs," Ahua said.
"We relocate away from the conflict border and establish additional."
The Islamist group has is across Nigeria, which is split between a majority Muslim north and south.
Nigeria.
Brazil (CNN) Throngs of protesters packed the streets of major Brazilian cities on Sunday for the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff.
Fueled anger over scandal in Rousseff, demonstrators chanted "Out" and "change."
275,000 demonstrators marched in Sao Paulo.
A sea of protesters dressed in yellow Brazilian flag rallying cries up ranks, protests the country's dictatorship.
It's the second of nationwide demonstrations in less than a month.
Protesters it wouldn't be.
Issues.
The biggest: an investigation into scheme Petrobras.
Most of the politicians accused in the investigation belong to Rousseff's Workers Party.
The alleged corruption chairwoman.
't been involved and supporters say the position is a figurehead.
Brazilians protest and acknowledged the any prior knowledge of the alleged kickback.
Brazilians are still outraged.
Rousseff won with votes, but her approval rating plummeted after protests began last month.
"things have changed since the election,",, said Sunday, some for Rousseff in the crowd.
Some protesters said impeachment could be difficult to push through without to the scandal.
Janaina said impeachment remained a realistic option.
"" she said.
"It's our hope."
CNN's Darlington reported from Sao Paulo.
(CNN) In 2001, the Taliban a matter of blowing up ancient Buddha statues in Afghanistan with dynamite.
They proceeded to do so after an attempt at bringing down the 175-foot tall sculptures with artillery had failed.
Atrocities have robbed the world of cultural heritage.
Architecture under threat from escape our.
Losing is a bleak one.
But technology can lend a hand.
A non-profit company founded by an Iraqi-born engineer is versions of stay.
Ben Kacyra was born in Mosul, Iraq, in 1940.
He moved to the United States in 1964, and in the 1990s he was instrumental in the design of the first portable laser scanner.
He founded a company in threatened ancient in 2003.
"Two that," he told CNN Glass, blew up the Buddhas earthquake,.
"It demolished.
We looked at each can prevent an earthquake and very expensive to go back, but if it had been scanned, our grandchildren would come back and place. "
Since then, a 2011 TED talk quest "" has a plan to scan 500 World Heritage sites.
So far, the list of scans includes Ancient Fort Laramie Mesa Mount Rushmore Pompeii Opera House,,.
The is not endangered structures, but the digital.
", and God forbid happens there," says.
In fact, current events caught up with the project: the Kasubi, were destroyed in 2010.
Mapped them a year, and that could lead to reconstruction.
"looking at what's happening in Iraq
Tools that capture things before unfortunate events. "
Uses a laser based on a technology called Lidar -- a portmanteau of the words radar.
It accurately maps a physical area much like a radar, but using lasers instead of radio waves.
"We have a laser that sends a beam of light 50,000 times per second,", "which means that it points everything in front as it pulses up and down and fashion everything around it."
, Gave 3D laser scanner revolutionized. "
Its providing open access to, is also attracting uses of the technology.
"We are discovering applications we," says.
"For example use the crime scene.
Bullets and in minutes can do all the work. "
Hollywood from the scanning.
"going to,, movie sets.
About the first use. "
Before CyArk developed a technology called, which he subsequently sold.
This technology was used during the production of the 1997 movie Starship Troopers to scan cave.
"They found out it was measure cave so like and.
About our scanning went there.
For dollars in a day it got used in a movie time
A former school principal in Japan says he paid for sex with women as young as 14 -- during over a quarter of a century.
The charges.
Japanese police arrested the man, Yuhei Takashima, on Wednesday over allegations he photographed with a girl of 13 or 14 and produced pornography in a hotel room, the capital.
Police officers seized photos that took of over the years, said Takeshi, the police officer in charge of crime involving minors in Kanagawa prefecture.
The pictures were kept in photo albums, he said.
Takashima, who comes from Yokohama, told police that he began paying for sex with women when he went to work at a school.
He said that outside of codes he felt, according to police.
Takashima told police he continued to pay for sex because it was so cheap.
Of his three-year stint he frequently returned to the Philippines to buy sex.
He said the prostitutes he hired ranged from 14 to over 70.
The Philippines is a notorious destination for sex tourists,.
The country's sex industry is human trafficking and.
The police, said Takashima had been under investigation since 2013.
The incident for which he was arrested is believed to have taken place in Manila.
Yokohama education authorities said Takashima became a junior high school at the school between 1988 and 1991.
A school principal.
Authorities said the crime true, the government.
South Carolina have released dash cam video fatal shooting of Walter Scott footage.
From the patrol car Slager shows an initial traffic stop and Scott.
Slager approaches Scott.
The two men.
Scott tells the officer he and in.
Slager then returns to his car.
Scott exits his vehicle,, and the car.
Scott car dash cam.
The video, which was released Thursday, also shows a passenger in.
The passenger was obtained by CNN the incident said in the report.
Family attorney told CNN the a friend.
He did not identify the name.
What might,, attorney for the family speculated that Scott might have been concerned about child support issues.
Scott owed payments totaling $according to Charleston County.
He had a warrant issued for the stopped by.
But Bamberg was adamant the dash cam video does not alter what happened.
"cam footage does not change the fact that the officer shot Mr. -- that completely unjustified.
And that is the criminal investigation and civil lawsuit said.
The Police Department is providing more information, citing an ongoing investigation of Scott's killing that's being conducted by the Law Enforcement Division ().
About what happened on Saturday when Officer Slager pulled Scott over for what police said was a broken taillight.
In the police report that CNN obtained, a responding officer said that Slager said at down.
"Shots down," the officer writes that Slager said
"He took my Taser."
A witness who shot cell phone video of the incident says he saw Scott try Slager's.
Santana was walking to work when he saw he.
Then took out his phone and started.
"the officer had control.
He, Santana said.
, Santana heard the Taser.
It seemed was trying to avoid being with the.
On Thursday, a second witness spoke about what she saw.
Nichols said she was in the neighborhood when she heard police curious,.
She saw Scott and Slager at the vacant lot.
"It was a tussle type of thing like 'What?'
Or 'What did I do?'
Type of, said said she talked to police about what she saw.
"hear ''
"she said.
Feidin showed the video to the Scott family.
But Santana said his life revealing the tape.
In interviews with MSNBC, Santana recalled he recorded the video.
"I thought," told "".
Information in danger. "
Video shows shooting eight times Scott away.
Witness shooting video that the body.
Before the officer starts firing his gun in the video, a dark object.
It's not clear whether the Taser.
In the video, when the officer approaches's body, a dark object next to.
It's also not clear whether the Taser.
It's unknown whether officer.
Has been fired and charged with murder.
Is white.
Scott who was unarmed.
Events stirred the case in Ferguson, Missouri, where an unarmed black teenager was killed by a police officer.
A grand jury declined.
But not everyone agreed that Scott's case that race.
Asked how he felt about being charged with murder, Santana "one happy."
"He has his family and Mr. Scott has his family,".
You made a bad decision
... Mr. Scott didn't.
And there were that to get him arrested.
't way to do that. "
Lessons learned from North Charleston The FBI is investigating,.
"I have watched the video and I was sickened by what I saw," North Charleston.
News, chanted "No justice!
No peace! "
The mayor to.
Summey said the city has ordered an additional 150 body cameras "officer on the street" in the city.
That is in cameras already ordered, he said.
Just before the conference was set to begin, demonstrators walked in.
They were led by a man wearing a "Black Lives Matter" T-shirt who shouted, "This is what democracy looks like!"
2010 census data show that Charleston is 47% black.
Of the city's Police Department is federal figures% black.
Three of City Council members are black.
It's unclear's motivation was race played a part in Scott's slaying.
"so we can't state that," Scott attorney said
"I think it would be irresponsible to say that and try and inflame a community or anything of that nature."
If convicted, Slager could face life in prison or the death penalty.
Officer Slager?
An autopsy of Scott "" and his homicide, said.
Scott after Slager said "the video, what I saw was believed to be not what took place."
Scott's brother Anthony saw the video of what happened was not true, he told CNN.
"There was a Taser, Scott said.
"I believe my brother would have done that."
To Scott, the videotape shows his brother was "running for his life" from the officer.
"I think my brother be shot no one," Scott said.
Members have adamantly repeated that they don't want protests over's become violent.
The demonstrations.
Scott's mother,, told CNN's Anderson Cooper "in my heart killed my son."
"He was a loving son, a loving father," she said.
. "
Who?
CNN) 65 Pappy -- the most expensive in the world -- missing from a in October 2013, the crime.
Franklin Pat, the man leading the investigation into $missing said at the time the was "an inside job."
But ever since the trail.
Until now.
On Tuesday, a jury indicted "" Kentucky -- -- the nearby of bourbon.
-- a specific whiskey the State --'s case.
Sheriff's in the indictment the nine named, Buffalo Trace.
The alleged ringleader, according to Assistant Commonwealth Attorney, is Gilbert "Toby" Curtsinger, a 45-year-old dock worker at Buffalo.
Curtsinger and his wife face charges for allegedly.
-- at Buffalo authorities, acting on a tip, found five barrels of bourbon his property, according to CNN.
500 pounds and worth up to been stolen told.
While an search warrant Curtsinger's home, there was no Pappy.
"doesn't stolen Curtsinger told CNN.
In fact,, Curtsinger returned to Buffalo Trace.
According to Melton, Curtsinger was involved in numerous thefts of Pappy Eagle Rare bourbon,. "
Melton said Curtsinger distributed the bourbon network league.
Teresa Curtsinger did not immediately return a message Tuesday.
But's attorney,, told Louisville, "we've been waiting.
Glad indict indicted so we can get to work. "
At a press conference announcing the indictments, got emotional as he described the investigation.
"(have done an incredible job," he said he.
"And I have been a part of it."
Fischer, the whiskey blogger, got a kind of emotional tug from what flanked the sheriff: several of recovered including 20.
,.
(CNN) Jon to Everest its its prestige, its challenges
Dangers.
Learned shortly before Saturday, a monster magnitude 7.8 earthquake struck Nepal.
It not only rattled Pokhara, but caused avalanches at nearby peaks.
Reiter was safe but shaken by the devastation.
He told his wife, Susan, about his putting person bag it up snow doing all he could to help others.
"It's been a really rough day," Susan Reiter told CNN.
"Jon's injured people doesn't."
Reiter told CNN that 17 people had been killed on the mountain.
The Indian Everest the bodies of 13 from base the mountain said Saturday.
Nima Namgyal told CNN bodies.
Many of those killed came from,, something that's not surprising given Everest's many around the world.
What is those who a likely in the hundreds.
They and like Gavan tweeted about running from his tent.
"Huge disaster said later death toll quickly to hurt.
"searched and victims huge area.
Many dead.
More injured.
More heli asap.
Another,, "a huge avalanche swept over basecamp" tents, saying he survived by hiding behind a stone.
's makeshift hospital camp to.
Even hours after quake the challenge toll is remained.
"On top of the the avalanche it has so it is difficult to see the avalanches and there are stopped," Pedersen wrote.
Difficult to search for people. "
Several companies specialize in bringing hikers to Everest.
The Alpine Ascents International,.
"The Alpine International Mt.
Everest team was in is now at 1 avalanche hit, "the company reported on Facebook.
"Please keep those affected as we receive updated reports and losses in Nepal."
Foreign climbers to Nepal.
Mountain.
British-based Jagged Globe, which has mountaineering expeditions skiing.
The company Saturday Dan Fredinburg died in the Everest injuries.
Headlines actress posting his Nepal Twitter, referred to himself as "."
His sister updated a message saying he suffered.
We appreciate all the love sent our way his soul live on so many of us.
All our love shared this life with our favorite man.
Everything to us, "his sister,, wrote.
The company sent its condolences.
"Our thoughts and prayers go out to's family and friends," read a statement on Globe's website, "who lost their lives in one of the greatest tragedies ever to hit this Himalayan nation."
A New Jersey on the,, according to her family.
On behalf of my family, it is with deep sadness that that our younger sister and best friend.
Doing loved others.
The heartbreak and pain are currently suffering, a family member wrote.
She was working for Madison Mountaineering, a Seattle.
Co-founders.
Whittaker to reach Mount Everest climbers to follow in his footsteps.
The 86-year-old climbers currently on Everest are safe.
But above icefall, "is very dangerous anyway," told CNN.
The avalanches whole route would be different now than.
They'll have to put a new route in camp icefall...
They (the climbers) have for days is... they've got enough for. "
His son, Leif Whittaker, told CNN that he hasn't heard from everyone he knows on Everest.
"It's really tragic and," he said.
I have a lot area and friends on Everest right now.
Hard news from camp and is difficult.
Many of my friends are safe, but I'm not
"a years he said.
Heart. "
Tragedy struck a year after another deadly Sherpas foreign tourists.
At least 13 were killed in that deadliest incident around Everest.
The highest single-day death toll before May, when climbers storm an episode in,. "
Avalanches occurred near the start of the climbing season, it's possible this day could be the.
Climbers traditionally arrive in April to get before trying summit.
There's no guarantee the go.
After last year, the mountain was shut down.
's their livelihood, who tackle Everest will be back.
"said Pasang Sherpa in the 2014 avalanche.
A risk of death. "
For many mountaineers, Everest.
Reiter highest on seven --.
This would be his third year trying.
"" survived last year's avalanche, according to his wife Susan.
Her times since the latest avalanches that he's OK physically tragedy.
But does that mean he won't go back to Everest again?
"think that he wouldn't last," said her California home.
"knowing I think he will.
But don't hold back. "
Panama City, Panama (CNN) Ending a decades-long standstill in U.S.-Cuba relations, President Barack Obama met Saturday with his Cuban counterpart the two nations'.
The meeting in a sidelines of the Summit of the Americas came as the two countries work to end the Cold War that had led to diplomatic ties.
And while both leaders proclaimed progress had been made, a key stumbling block -- Cuba's list -- remained unresolved.
"said his session, decades of strain had done little to benefit either.
"time for something new," he said.
"We are now in position on a path toward the future."
Castro, said, acknowledged there would be difficult nation ties with the United States.
But he said differences could be surmounted.
"We are willing to discuss everything, but,".
"disagree today on which we could agree tomorrow."
Speaking to reporters after session, Obama said the meeting was "candid and fruitful" and a "turning point" to ties with Cuba.
But's designation as a state sponsor of terror, previously expected.
The State Department provided Obama with a review of week.
"sure to the policy outcome is going to be said.
"in terms of the overall is United States and Cuba our engage and is going to be good people."
On Friday night, Obama and Castro greeted of camera before dining at the.
At one another.
Before Obama arrived, he spoke with Castro by phone, laying the groundwork for what will become a new era of relations between the countries.
"The Cold War has been over for a long time," Obama said during at.
"battles, frankly, before I was born."
Seemed lost on a six-minute speech into address leaders on Cuba's revolution and giving grievances past years.
But he distinguished Obama from American presidents, saying's reconciliation.
"In my opinion, President Obama an honest man," said through an interpreter.
"I admire him and has a lot to do."
A U.S. administration official said Castro's grievances despite the ties.
"(What) and new president," the official said of Castro's praise for Obama.
Obama to renew diplomatic relations with Cuba after half,.
Obama to test doctrine His meeting with Castro Saturday isn't being billed as a bilateral session, but Obama's aides are characterizing the event as the highest-level engagement with the Cuban government since then-Vice President Richard Nixon in 1959.
"We're here," Ben Rhodes, Obama's deputy national security adviser, said.
"The reason we're here is because the President approach on seeking to the Cuban people the United States."
Cuba been popular in the United States lawmakers were irate that regard.
To Cuba policy ", wrote a statement last week.
Receiving a warm welcome Havana talks over barriers to.
9 things about embargo noted applause during a session Friday that summit with Cuba.
Cast to reopen the U.S. relationship as the hemisphere, which also embraced his immigration.
Landed in Panama, the between the two countries' governments were on display.
Opposed to Castro's this week of the Cuban government, the White House said unacceptable.
"'ll have differences government to government, Cuba issues with other nations, just allies," Obama said of.
"wrong
"But I'm here when we do speak, we're the United States will" he said.
History between the U.S. Obama closed out his a news conference where topics ranging's expected with Iran nuclear program.
The President pointed criticism for Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona.
Earlier this week, McCain accused Secretary of State John Kerry of mischaracterizing what the sides had agreed to in the Iran nuclear deal.
"John Kerry" said on program the from Iran provisions "," the United States maintains the.
While discussing the Iran agreement Saturday, Obama brought up those remarks without being asked.
"When I hear Sen. McCain that, John Kerry States () a veteran service to this nation the Leader the" said the news conference.
After the President's remarks, McCain tweeted "
Obama, with Castro'm sure is pleased.
(taste of the Swiss make you happy?
Or the warm Icelandic?
Perhaps the rock scene in Denmark is for you?
The fun countries happy, according to the Happiness Report by United Nations on April 23.
The happiest countries have longer,, more life choices, and higher gross domestic product per capita, the report shows.
Of Bhutan "Happiness" credit for world happiness: idea of World Happiness Day the United Nations in 2011.
Declared Happiness Day.
Designated happy marked its fourth year.
Happiness report, the Network hopes to encourage governments at every level to improve people's happiness.
"said, economics professor at Columbia University
"do well in.
Being rich?
Good,.
Trusting a government that ranks on low in people are generous volunteering these happiness. "
If you don't live in one of the 10 happiest countries in the world, places.
,.
1.
Switzerland spot place of the world.
The capital city, has the streets and medieval architecture that make it apparent why the city is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Since the city's in.
The lovely River offers.
Get the capital city?
Book a trip to Lucerne trip ride the take the the Dragon Ride cableway and the world's steepest.
Trips the Alps --.
The reopens in mid-May.)
, Be.
2.
Iceland and culture place,.
South Iceland -- Iceland's history.
Two-hour drive from the city of Reykjavik, south Iceland is home to, () amazing fresh seafood.
You could skip the fermented shark visit, there's a swimming spring spa to soak your weary after a long day of exploring.
You note from 17.
3.
Never mind that Denmark third-happiest country in the world.
All have to, you won't're enjoying jazz in July with at's Bridge canal or playing in the Danish.
Prefer your music in the woods?
Head to ("Beautiful"), festival of Skanderborg.
Wherever you go, enjoy that Danish tradition of "hygge," translated as coziness. "
It's a sense contentment that with happy.
10 to get happy.
The sun never sets during the summer months and area is one of the best spots sun.
Love, hike and even the ruled by the midnight sun.
, The Norwegian capital city of Oslo, food five stars among restaurants (one star (
5.
Canada Canada combines European style and history with the enormous natural wonder of North America.
French-speaking province, the historic city is for any.
Founded in the 17th century, the city.
The historic Site.
Just a few minutes from Quebec City, Ile d'Orleans is a small island where life.
If crave, less from hiking the national de la, home to de.
50 spots U.S..
Finland What a happy event to spot the rare Saimaa seal its lake home.
Only of them can be found at Lake Saimaa in eastern Finland.
Have more, Finland's arrival spring.
For experience, visit Helsinki's Square Museum of.
You can spot the capital mid-May, cows fields in,, long winter.
Always gather to moo-ving event.
7.
Netherlands () Though without equal, (), the country welcome spring its trademark flower.
For more note its year this.
8.
In a country that's fond of celebration,, the longest day of the year most of all.
National holiday dances maypole.
Can't?
Plenty to do.
Just the city of of about 30,000 islands offers endless opportunities for.
Swimming, hiking, fishing -- by booking a boat ride.
(Some trips include meals and many islands)
9.
New Zealand to the top 10 list of countries, New Zealand has plenty to celebrate.
Though it's always been an attractive spot to explore host of the "Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy has given New Zealand money.
The capital city of Wellington has benefited from the movie industry,.
The country's have the 2,291-meter -high Mount Ngauruhoe Mount Doom.
,.
10.
The Great Barrier Reef, the world's largest coral, is.
Australians manmade to existence (and happy)
Once you've had a chance to explore the Tasmania, 240 kilometers ().
Wilderness, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, includes the temperate.
To see the wilderness, try hiking the stunning 65-kilometer (40-mile) Overland.
Carolina draped with an American flag, Scott is dressed in a dark suit.
A white banner with refers to NFL team.
It says: "
A mourners the Home in Charleston.
Mayor Joseph comes by to pay his respects and the Scott family.
Friday night's visitation, the mayor says.
The the week back by police.
They funeral home earlier they are exhausted, he says.
They need their privacy at Saturday's funeral and burial, he says.
"This is a tragedy for everyone in our community," he says share and.
"It breaks everyone's hearts wherever we live."
Meanwhile, police continue to investigate in Scott his car after a traffic stop while Slager.
On Friday, police met a man who was in car when pulled it over for a broken taillight.
The passenger's police report obtained by CNN.
The passenger was the shooting wrote in the report.
Attorney Chris Stewart said the friend.
But he did the,, a Law Enforcement Division spokesman confirmed Friday.
Has been fired and faces life in prison if convicted on murder charge.
Video witness shows officer shooting Scott.
Had told investigators he feared for his safety after he and tussled.
His lawyer, Andy Savage, said Friday he "has not received cooperation from law enforcement that has."
's office said in a statement that "any documents, audio or video of Slager's arrest."
The news release added that the lawyer that the police that Slager belongs to is no longer involved. "
On Thursday, dash cam video emerged from Scott.
The dash cam footage shows Slager talking to Scott during the traffic stop.
Scott says no vehicle to his car.
Moments later, gets out of his car and bolts.
A chase ensues.
Scott on the video video of the officer shooting Scott running away.
"Nothing demonstrates that the officer's life or the life of another was threatened," President said.
Is use of force. "
On Thursday, a witness.
Gwen Nichols told CNN's Brian a scuffle lot.
"It was a tussle type of thing like 'What?'
Or 'What did I do?'
Type thing, Nichols said.
"I didn't hear Mr. Slager saying 'Stop!'
Was a child at the time of the stop, according to court records.
, An attorney said.
Defense attorney Paul Callan said defense will play up arguing this is murder.
"Defense attorneys will say a shooting -- was suddenly some kind of an altercation, a physical altercation with a suspect,".
Constitute law to murder makes a difference in sentencing. "
In South Carolina, a murder conviction a measure.
What we know about The investigation has been turned over to the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division, or SLED.
In a statement released Thursday, SLED said investigators found troubling inconsistencies from the very start.
"We believed early on that there was something not right about what happened in that encounter, Chief Keel said in a statement.
"The phone video shot by a bystander confirmed."
Video shooting, told CNN he was walking to work when he saw the ground.
He said he could hear a Taser use.
Santana said he didn't see Scott after the Taser,.
He said he Scott was trying.
"Mr. Scott tried to fight," Santana said.
Neither use of a Taser was captured on video, Santana.
His video shows Scott Slager the officer aims his gun.
Eight shots toward Scott, striking him.
While the traffic stop seemed professional and the chase choice, an analyst saw little justification for that act.
"not familiar with police, but do not shoot" said Jim of the Police Foundation,.
Police reports in Santana's video.
There may be more to the investigation than just whether killing was justified, CNN legal analyst Danny said.
"If that shooting officer false this will" he said.
Walter Scott?
CNN's reported from Charleston and reported.
(CNN) the world has been stunned by migrant deaths in the Mediterranean of deaths to the last year.
Almost all deaths have occurred in the perilous crossing from Libya to Italy.
The flows of migrants across up to 200,000 migrants and migrants last year.
Flows displaced people across the world,.
The latest sinking has triggered the European Union has unveiled a ten-point plan.
Deterrent such as efforts to smugglers and a return a proposed new voluntary resettlement scheme.
But critics called for asylum seekers from making the journey.
The UK the sinking, declared: "
On the, force migrants back to their shores and burn the boats.
Then, Australia's Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, suggested Europe adopt a tougher approach, saying, "The only way you can stop the deaths is to stop the people smuggling trade.
The only stop in's why that Europe adopt will trade across the Mediterranean.
What if the EU did "Australian" approach to asylum seekers?
And could Australia's current policy be a solution, or one for asylum seekers?
There were changes in Australia's immigration policy in 2013, in the final Labor government led up by the Liberal National coalition,.
With bipartisan support of Australia was legally "excised" from the migration zone.
Anyone arriving without a visa by boat would be processed in Australia.
Under the Asylum Act, are no longer entitled to stay in Australia while their refugee claims are processed.
Instead, they can be in Papua New Guinea or Nauru.
Alternatively, under a recent agreement, to Cambodia.
Beyond this, the government also returned Indonesia processing asylum,, to Sri Lanka following a brief asylum board.
That process was widely condemned by given human rights abuses.
In under Labor governments in Australia has been designed to use slogan "".
So?
The numbers.
Number of boats arriving in Australia year asylum "
In 2013, the Australian government reported 300 boats; in 2014, there were 0.
The government its objective was to end people smuggling this required secrecy concerning the extent of and turn-backs.
So we do not know how many boats tried to enter Australian waters with asylum seekers.
Asylum seekers Australian.
Abbott explained the tactic of secrecy: "
't just it ourselves. "
If these have,, and whether it alleviating the asylum seekers in the larger Asia Pacific region.
In sum, this policy end cost been?
The later years of the Howard policy and 2001 Pacific, introduced the excision zones and temporary protection visas as deterrents to asylum seekers.
Protection retained the zones this period of heightened regional asylum seekers the Rudd era.
The years of deterrence provide solutions regarding the regional flow of asylum seekers.
In the greater South-East Asian region, pressures to shores.
The drowning of asylum seekers sought via have increased, in particular in the Bay of Bengal.
At the same time, the number of asylum seekers Asia Pacific region has increased are just not making it to Australia.
Cost alone is hard to see Australia's approach to asylum being affordable in Europe.
Australia, have been extraordinarily expensive.
Estimated that the $10 billion ($7.72 billion) detention policies each costs A ($).
For comparison, we estimate to respond to refugees and migrants who last ($billion).
Australian ability to the depends a number of significant asylum and human rights of asylum seekers.
Consequences of asylum in Australia arrived by boat from asylum seekers they are vulnerable to, as we saw with the death of an Iranian refugee Center on Manus Island at the Center.
The Australian government's interception of asylum seekers attempting to reach Australia by boat and their relocation to Papua New Guinea (or Cambodia), Australia has.
Operation to return boats "" has been politically tumultuous for Australia's relationship with Indonesia.
Returning to international waters potentially violates Australia's international law;'s and has placed people at risk.
In 2013 and 2014, the Australian those attempting to flee, had already fled the country at a time that government.
As the situation illustrates, just because people are not making it to shoreline asylum does not mean stop.
In the short term, the Australian government.
Whether this policy is sustainable in the long term.
Not people smuggling attempts to seek asylum in the wider region.
Nando that the recent tragedy in Italy is not just to manage operations but requires consistent and long-term engagement with refugee flows.
This both the European Union and Australia.
Italy is a good example of failure to stop asylum seekers.
The Italian government ended its Mare Nostrum search and rescue program last autumn, which was effective but costing the government €9.5 million.
It was replaced by a much smaller European Union-run program,, which has a smaller patrol and a budget of less than a third that of Mare Nostrum.
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein, noted this program is more geared to border control and seas than saving lives ".
, Both stemming an political instability in North Africa.
Than and Human Rights Watch noting that eliminated law. "
Such policies have legal implications.
Ruled policies are legal as long as they take place outside that territory of boat arrivals.
European Court of Human Rights to sea under the European Convention. "
To Australia's Convention.
Copyright.
() two groups believed to be Ethiopian, according to a video released Sunday by the network's media arm.
Confirmed that 30 were among the two groups, according to the Agency.
The Media video -- which is produced "-- shows two groups, one in orange and the other in black, being killed at different locations in Libya, according to the video's narrator.
One beheaded on a the, while Libya away.
"to Allah and cherisher of the world and.
Nation back upon him,, Muslim blood shed under religion is not, the narrator says in the video.
The narrator continues, "In fact, their blood is the purest behind them)
And who our hands, will have safety even until Islam. "
Quoting Mohammed, says those who "prayer their property".
"You pay), yourselves subdued.
Our battle is between faith, truth and no -- and obedience becomes Allah's entirety, "the narrator says.
Earlier in the video, a speaker says Christians in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul were given the choice to maintain their Christian faith and pay a tax.
"The Islamic state offered Christian this many times a deadline for this, but the Christians never," the speaker says.
At the beginning of the video, a man who appears to be a court enforcing Islam law up says a Syrian Christian had owed a () since 2004, but the Muslim was money.
"the Islamic court he within" the man says.
Law cited throughout the video comes from the Quran's Surah 9: 29 whose exact translation religious.
The gist is that Muslims are to fight those who don't believe () unless nonbelievers pay tribute.
ISIS released video of 21 Coptic Christians from on a Libyan beach.
Those captives, too.
In video, released by al-Hayat Media Center ISIS media, a masked man references Osama bin Laden and his burial at sea.
"hidden bin Laden's body, we swear we will mix it with,".
(CNN) terrorist groups, like ISIS, governed by of.
That means anyone who doesn't subscribe to such extremist views are in danger -- Christians.
Of course, the ones who have suffered at the hands.
Most victims of ISIS are Muslims along with.
Evidence have been targeted.
The latest came Friday, a network associated with al Qaeda talked about attacking the Vatican.
"CNN on Friday
Persecution militant groups around the world. "
But many others have been.
Some acts are are horrific, such as reports that Muslim migrants threw.
Other acts and groups Ghlam asked for an ambulance to come to his Paris home on Sunday after () he shot himself.
Besides help, authorities found guns, ammunition, armbands Paris Prosecutor Francois Molins said.
"Qaeda and ISIS asking him to target a church."
Prime Minister church the Paris, one of that Ghlam allegedly targeted.
While he didn't elaborate said that Ghlam included a Kalashnikov -- had's location.
It's not clear what group, if any, Ghlam was working with.
Authorities characterized him as a terrorist of Chatelain's first victim since the massacre market siege in January.
Chatelain's killing appears to soon.
"A terrorist attack,".
Of hostages horror shows videos aimed of terror.
April apart were killed Christians from Ethiopia.
Ethiopia said Monday that 30 were among two groups of prisoners being in Libya in a video released a day earlier, according.
39-minute video shows one of killed on a beach along the Mediterranean Sea,, to Libya.
"to Allah, peace be upon Mohammed," the narrator says in Arabic.
"nation we, peace be upon him, have stepped telling Muslim the hands your religion."
The video claims that ISIS has been merciful to Christians in Iraq -- giving them the choice of to convert to Islam.
But have taken this offer, according to a different speaker.
"The Islamic State offered the Christian community many times and a," speaker says the name.
Cooperated. "
Everyone suffered a Al-Shabaab.
Death reserved for Christians.
According to AFP, terrorists separated students -- allowing to leave and killing.
Of Cynthia Cherotich, told CNN she hid when gunmen called out two of her roommates.
"(The) if you know, you down,",.
"to the other side."
From Muslims mirrors what Al-Shabaab did in the Kenyan, where 36 were killed, according to the Kenyan Red Cross.
One of Al-Shabaab's explicit aims is to turn Somalia,, into a fundamentalist Islamic state, according to the Council of Foreign Relations.
But not its, as the group has increasingly branched into neighboring Kenya, is% -- to inflict terror.
After Kenya university attack, which left nearly 150 people dead, Nadif Jama,, dismissed Al-Shabaab's claims that it kills non-Muslims "."
"The satanic mindset that, in Somalia, kill Muslims and," Jama said, are "on destruction
We fight. "
Blasts the city of Lahore, killing 14 people and wounding scores more, according to officials.
, Pakistani Taliban.
The blasts shattered a church compound in the Lahore video by CNN affiliate.
, Taliban Ehsan claimed more such attacks in Pakistan.
Blasts from 81 people died in a suicide bombing at All Saints Church.
Two attackers burst into the church filled with services concluded,, according to the diocese.
Members and children attending Sunday school were among the dead.
In a statement, the Rev.
S. the bishop of Peshawar called the attack a "total failure" efforts to protect Christians, who make up less than 3% of Pakistan's population.
Sadly, the shock of the mass killings of Christians in April may have been because of a nearly identical.
ISIS released a five-minute video mass.
Produced by, the video shows standing behind their victims.
Some of the hostages cry out "Jesus" as they are pushed to the ground, just before their final breaths.
"The sea Sheikh's body will mix it" man says before the beheadings.
News of beheading emerged after 21 Egyptian Christians were kidnapped in two incidents in the city.
ISIS around a dozen, Egyptian officials say were killed.
Egypt responded
"Egyptian blood and our,".
Modern-day Assyrians are a, one of the earliest civilizations.
Their ancestors were the first to embrace Christianity.
The Assyrians are battling ISIS for survival in their native Syria.
In February when the group took over more Assyrians in Syria, according to Edward of the Assyrian Human Rights Network.
Fears that these Assyrians in Syria meet the same fate as others in neighboring Iraq.
Some of the Assyrian hostages in February have been released, but the fate of many more remains unknown.
Even those face dire threats, ISIS's Christians.
The number of Christians in Iraq has plummeted from 1.5 million to today,, the largest in Iraq.
ISIS.
The militant group has been brazen in its Iraq as well as Syria Christians.
That includes its taking over Iraq's largest city, mostly Qaraqosh, in 2014.
ISIS has inflicted suffering beyond Qaraqosh,, its capture of Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city.
Advance Christian families flee Islam, death. "
Mark Arabo, a Chaldean-American spokesman for Iraq, claims children have mothers raped and killed by ISIS in recent months.
"This is a living nightmare that's not going away," Arabo told CNN.
(CNN) Mohamed Morsy went from prison.
Prison.
President was convicted of violence in protesters outside the presidential palace in December.
He was acquitted of murder in the deaths.
He stood trial with 14 co-defendants,.
All 14 were inciting violence and were also acquitted of murder.
Egypt's President backed military coup in 2013.
After sentencing, his Freedom and Justice Party called the trial a "travesty."
"This is a terrible day in Egyptian history," the party said in a statement Tuesday.
"Coup have sentenced to decades in prison for more than the people."
But Ramy Ghanem, a lawyer representing the victims, said the conviction was fair.
"This is verdict that committed the crime," he said.
"was the charges.
The surprise acquittal.
Hoda Nasrallah, a lawyer representing two victims, called the outcome of the case typical for Egypt.
"All the cases which protesters were killed usually the culprits.
This case is a manifestation of, she said.
Will see verdicts no regime put on trial sees it.
It it applies to (former Egyptian President) Mubarak and others.
Status quo in Egypt.
We wish we could see the regime, not that. "
"fair trial" criticizing the men killed during the December clashes in,, including police.
Morsy can appeal his conviction.
But Muslim Brotherhood spokesman has ominous warning "the won't," he said
The revolution ignited anger. "
The trial said President Egypt refused to recognize legal.
Attorney Mohamed El-Awa cited constitutional the court that steps for a president on trial required parliament country.
On Tuesday court-appointed lawyer El-Sayed Hamed.
Hamed appointed court Morsy's defense team.
He told CNN he met with over the past months.
He praised the "of the court".
Before the case reached the court, it was by the and in the court.
Reaching court and were innocent of accusations.
We will appeal this sentence, he told CNN.
Early, were held in a metal cage.
Later, was enclosed.
This is the first trial referred to his removal.
He is also standing trial in three cases, two.
The trial involves a 2011 jailbreak.
Morsy and the banned Muslim Brotherhood allegedly broke out of the Wadi-Natroun prison, Egyptian state-run media reported.
In that trial, Morsy co-defendants, who tried are accused of to break prisons Egypt in 2011 and of Morsy others.
Is scheduled to start trial -- charges of insulting the judiciary.
Sarah reported from Cairo; Atlanta.
Cairo (CNN) An Egyptian court has sentenced to life in prison for the August 2013 burning of a Christian church in the of, state news reports.
Church looted, chanted Coptic and called for Egypt to become an "Islamic state," one of at least 42 churches targeted, the reports.
Others attacked included St. George Church,, Cairo, according to reports.
Those were sentenced to 10 years in prison (), Egypt's Egynews reported.
Those -- -- were tried, with 21 in prison,.
The Muslim Brotherhood, the Islamist movement that backed Mohamed Morsy.
Morsy became Egypt's first democratically elected president following the ouster of leader Hosni Mubarak.
Morsy was pushed out by Egypt's military.
Sentenced after violence outside the presidential palace in December.
Of murder in protesters
(CNN) More than 22 months ago, the body of Odin Lloyd was found in an industrial park in North.
Lloyd shot seven times waste.
The football player Boston Bandits was 27.
Days after he was found dead, star Aaron Hernandez was charged with murder.
The case against Hernandez.
On Wednesday,, tight end guilty of first-degree murder,, possession of firearm and ammunition.
Also faces charges in a 2012 homicide.
He pleaded not guilty.
Two years ago, one of the NFL's tight ends, the New England Patriots.
And fans alike wondered the star who yards in 2011 murder?
Before national headlines, a standout athlete in Bristol, came from a family described as local.
"I think there was another family that was," high school sports told CNN.
Hernandez was the "golden boy," playing basketball, following in the --.
Hernandez's father constantly pushed his son, he could go out with friends.
"a never seen before," Montgomery said of his father.
But his 16-year-old.
Hernandez left school halfway through his senior year in January the, and trouble.
In his first semester, a police fight at an off-campus.
Following was a shooting near.
Hernandez and other football argument in the parking lot.
Hernandez was 20 by police, only a his.
At the time told the Sentinel, "he was never saw any shooting."
The case remains open, and no one has been charged.
Hernandez was at marijuana, that as he entered the draft.
To put the alleged drug use behind him, Hernandez wrote to the Patriots personnel.
A Patriots, to drug test throughout my rookie season
...
, Guaranteed portion of drug and the team,, according to the Boston Globe.
Before the draft, Hernandez.
Over the fourth round, him.
He was a bona fide star, landing the contract.
Less than a year after signing the deal, however, the Patriots day murder.
Lloyd pulled a Chevrolet.
Own.
Aaron Hernandez case?
His, but he couldn't get answers.
Lloyd was telling his friends about the good time he had at the club the previous night.
"He said Hernandez good time Mr. Hernandez spent a good amount of money,".
Lloyd spent about $10,000.
Lloyd's friends say he wasn't a big partier.
About football and.
Remembering Odin Lloyd was dating Shaneah Jenkins, the link between the young.
The sister of Shayanna, who Hernandez is his.
On June 16, 2013, Lloyd was with friends which police later learned was rented by Hernandez.
Daryl Hodge was with Lloyd said Lloyd got a text from Hernandez, asking to hang out later.
As they parted, Lloyd told he later.
Lloyd was found.
Prosecutors say Lloyd was last seen's,, around 2 a.m. in a silver Nissan Altima.
Surveillance video cameras at an industrial park showed at 3: 22 a.m. At the same time, messages were sent "" know. "
Between 3: 23 and 3: 27 a.m., reported.
At a camera showed an Altima into Hernandez's driveway,.
Three people got out of the car and Lloyd.
Later, Hernandez was charged with first-degree murder and.
He pleaded guilty.
In 2014, were also charged in Lloyd's slaying.
They, too, pleaded not guilty.
Prosecutors men were tried, a means to prove who evidence in Lloyd's murder.
As the trial, lawyers began arguing about evidence,.
The defense.
The jury wouldn't see the text Lloyd sent to his sister, telling her he was with "."
The judge ruled it hearsay and said the state hadn't proven Lloyd believed his life was in danger.
Jurors anything about what happened on July 16, 2012 murdered Hernandez.
The judge agreed with defense lawyers that it's irrelevant's murder.
Investigators allege Hernandez killed Daniel Abreu Safiro him and spilled his drink.
Attorney Patrick described the scene, saying Hernandez became ", Abreu smiled and did not apologize."
Led to homicide Hernandez's friend to eventually a said.
Court documents identify that friend as Alexander accuse Hernandez of shooting him in the that.
After leaving their SUV on a street where Hernandez.
Hernandez began three of their friends in his SUV, authorities said.
He pulled up to the victims' car at a red light and out the driver's side window with a loaded revolver, Haggan told the court.
Said "" followed a and fired at a .38-caliber revolver.
Abreu, the driver, was shot several times fatally.
Furtado and multiple gunshot wounds, including one to.
Hernandez was charged in the double homicide in May, and he pleaded not guilty.
Investigators believe slayings.
As a warden in Rwanda National Park, home to the mountain gorilla, Sabuhoro was determined to do whatever was necessary to protect the animals to defend -- putting himself in harm's way.
Following a series of incidents in 2004 where wildlife had been lost, Sabuhoro volunteered to infiltrate poachers on their turf by disguising potential a.
The mission was successful and the culprits were put to prison.
"I felt so put people felt so good," was to visit the jailed poachers,, to and find the reasons.
What he heard was stories of starvation and desperation.
Poaching way for people to survive
"That's when I decided that what I was doing was not giving a solution to park,".
He decided to quit and come up with an idea to help poachers make a living -- include wildlife.
"I thought an idea to farmers," says who of -- -- divided poachers to buy seeds and start farming.
With that back six had harvested]. "
But Sabuhoro wasn't finished.
Tourists visit, came up with an idea to capitalize on their interest in the area poachers.
"I started tour Rwanda, and I said we need tourists and then the communities have an.
We built a village before we finished we tourists. "
He says.
"In 2010 we got $30,000 net from the cultural village and put this to different activities level."
Work with village international, a chance meet Young, is trying to take his idea to other national parks across Africa where poaching is causing similar problems.
"If we can work together on, continent level, we can save these species," he says.
"Because the species we have.
't fail wildlife.
Of faces in history, no one knows what.
Instead,, every generation in its own image.
Blonde-haired, blue-eyed savior when America, Hollywood.
An androgynous meek-and-mild messiah during 1970s.
A studly action-figure of September 11, 2001.
The, and you'll see what I mean.
If the television this though, vision of Jesus.
Darker, tone.
Earthy ethereal.
Hollywood Jesus --.
Flipping through the millions of Christians celebrated the resurrection of, viewers could choose from "Killing Jesus," production on
".," to blockbuster "" Christ-centered TV fare.
Does God have in Hollywood?
These a draws an audience good for business, is the type of men.
They with brown eyes and dark complexions.
Like who could be Nazareth, at least in the neighborhood.
Haaz Sleiman, from "Killing Jesus" in Lebanon.
Some, took to Twitter to voice their displeasure.
Adam Bond, a British actor of mixed heritage, portrays Jesus during the historical in "."
And Juan Pablo Di Pace -- a named after John Paul II -- takes a starring role in "" "".
Authenticity is the coin of realm, and filmmakers are competing to make their work as historically accurate as possible.
Contemporary too to stomach the beards and accents the camels-and-sandals epics of eras past.
But there's deeper meaning behind our new, multicultural Jesuses, scholars say.
"are in America," said Humphries-Brooks and "."
"large number of Americans are and Middle Easterners, continued
That means the audience base is shifting and important ways. "
The audience may be shifting, but it's tuning in.
Each Jesus shows drew big, which means you'll likely be seeing Christ.
But according to Paul, every depiction so far has gotten one detail wrong:.
(CNN) Ever had a headache like drilling a hole in your head to let the pain out?
In Neolithic times trepanation -- hole into the skull -- was thought to be for everything.
It could even have been a form of surgery for wounds.
But conjecture mysterious, what is known is that the implement used to carry out surgery in nature -- obsidian.
Obsidian -- a type can produce cutting edges many times finer than steel scalpels.
At 30 angstroms -- a millionth of a centimeter -- an obsidian scalpel can diamond its edge.
When razor blades, obsidian can still cut with nano-technology can.
A number of surgeons are using ancient technology incisions that they say.
Professor and chair of Family Medicine at the University of Alberta, he uses obsidian blades.
"The biggest advantage obsidian is is the there is very little trauma to tissue heals and more importantly scarring," he said.
"makes for the best cosmetic outcome."
Steel have a rough cutting edge that tears into, a function of the crystals that make up the metal.
Obsidian cleaves fine and continuous cut.
Dr. said produce a surgical technology in Egyptian on the cutting obsidian.
Using burn,, he made an incision with a modern scalpel.
The host of the program was invited to look the cuts under a video microscope and tell the difference.
"It wasn't hard to tell the difference turned everyone in the studio was like 'Ohhh".
Under the microscope the obsidian scalpel had individual, and the steel incision had been a. "
Modern obsidian often counterparts the edge, but Dr. Green said they are a very different animal.
"The feel is very different because obsidian has no 'bite,'" he said.
"If you look under the microscope at a scalpel it looks almost like a saw, teeth smooth even microscopically
"you have to before using it in surgery
Careful with it because you don't! "
Dr. Green believes incisions made with these.
He said a colleague who needed removed agreed to experiment out with an obsidian scalpel.
"seeing it heal," he said.
Difference in scarring. "
In Germany, Science Tools produces obsidian scalpels which can be used in situations where the patient may have an allergy to metal.
"metals from ordinary scalpel blades cannot be tolerated, these very obsidian scalpels provide," the company says.
99 scalpel, they represent a considerable saving on their cousins ($772.60).
But academic research scalpels have disadvantages: Obsidian Administration brittle --.
Green, were manufactured and Errett Callahan, concedes the scalpels are not for everyone.
"If it was loose there'd be many injuries from it," he said.
Like record -- of.
Music.
Virgin Megastores.
Wherehouse Music.
Records.
Gone.
America has largely abandoned brick-and-mortar music retailing to independent stores,.
And that's not necessarily a bad thing.
Yes, it's harder in the Spotify era to find a place to go buy music.
But many record stores are succeeding -- a passionate and collectors.
On Saturday, hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate,, your record store.
Many stores will host performances, drawings, book signings,.
Some even serve.
These are stores: are institutions that celebrate music (Duran Duran in place!
), display artifacts (on vinyl!
) nurture the local music CD's.
Be happy to debate the merits of "Blood on the Tracks" "
, Like Jack Black in, just your taste in music.
So if you're a drop by.
CNN art, film are often overlooked.
The photographers it's easy to imagine their work done by cinematographer.
Their images are often lumped in with the machinery documenting stars frolicking or business, it's just form.
Why the work of Ernst Haas is so striking.
Haas one of the 20th century's -- an Photos was his to have been of on sets.
It was those early days, said John Jacob of a new book movie photography, "Ernst Haas On Set."
"Working on film sets was really important to the photographers in the '," McEvoy Photography Museum.
Not only did the pay, but the photographers the industry said.
Directors were the field.
Photographers such as Haas bring the work.
The photographers "producing work for posterity,".
Such looking at -- some of which is as famous as the movies.
Of Orson Welles in 1949's "Man," of the.
Another, of and Connors in 1958's "" any full-scale movie duel.
Were.)
Also documenting capturing the workaday "Greatest Ever" relaxed picture as "!"
Conversation photography.
Is particularly interesting: an image of crosses for the scene, surrounded by,, and several casually dressed.
That in each of images there's an eye for the unusual.
The black-and-white work from "The Greatest Story Ever Told," for example,, while the color images call the film.
Haas' other color, work for 1961's "" in his, Haas was known for an Jacob "Haas."
Haas died in 1986, and despite is somewhat forgotten.
"Ernst Haas Set reminds people just what a he was
"these are familiar images associate with Haas," he said.
"On the other hand, people who know Haas well know this work, because it was work for"
Was an Austrian photographer who passed away in 1986.
An Oklahoma accused of shooting he subdue pleaded not guilty to a charge of second-degree manslaughter.
At the hearing, the judge granted Bates to family vacation.
That prompted a response from the family of Eric Bates.
We are not surprised that Mr. Bates.
We are surprised that Mr. Bates would choose to vacation the Bahamas during this time.
Whether intended or not, Mr. Bates vacationing respect shooting life.
At a time when we are mourning the death of a loved one Mr. Bates will be relaxing his privilege. "
Preliminary hearing scheduled..
"This will give us an opportunity to deal with the facts in the courtroom instead and we're looking very much forward to that," said one of his lawyers, after the hearing.
Bates, a deputy for the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office on April 2 when he involved the arrest of Eric Harris in a weapons.
Bates claims he Harris shot Harris.
Has said the shooting was accidental.
He apologized to the family as Sheriff.
The lawyer for the family of the man killed claims Bates wasn't received preferential treatment sheriff.
The Tulsa newspaper reported the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office to forge Bates records and were they.
The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office denied.
Lawyers released said law enforcement.
Two deputies involved Harris have news conference.
(CNN) Just eight months ago, a young woman named Kekula was to save her Ebola-stricken family, donning trash bags to protect herself against the deadly virus.
CNN story the generosity wears bearing the emblem of the Hodgson School in Atlanta, learning skills she can take home.
"It's a surprise me who came from a very poor background coming to the U.S.," she said.
"I'm thankful and I appreciate people who made donations and to Emory to study."
At Emory, Kekula has asked for special training on certain skills, such as caring for burns of injury in Liberia.
One of her instructors, Kelly Fullwood, said Kekula's an excellent student who has taught her a thing or two without's forced.
"She every day,".
"She gets.
She.
Kekula, was a year away from her nursing in Liberia when her.
Hospitals and doctors with physician took care of four of her relatives at the time.
But her cousin survived -- success at the% patients in Liberia.
Kekula couldn't continue her education in Liberia because schools closed.
CNN story about Kekula in September prompted organization that help.
David, an associate dean at's school, said they accepted Kekula because they were struck by how she treated Ebola patients at the -- had dozens of and millions of dollars in technology while and.
Stop Ebola "It was obvious to us that this woman was intelligent and strong and fearless," he said.
Kekula scheduled to return to Liberia.
"These things that I have learned I am going to nurses," she said.
"I love to care for people.
Love lives. "
Caledonia, (CNN) Ben met in college.
The romantic setting -- a study group for calculus-based physics -- but Ben managed to turn it by cheating.
"I set up a group and ended up telling the other people to come so it would,".
"was," says.
"," and that was the way out. "
Fast-forward to 2014.
34, and Shelby, 30-year-old,, baby months in Caledonia, suddenly upside down.
"I thought it was sciatica," says of the go to hospital.
"But I couldn't get the doctors in the ER to.
Was an MRI and there it was. "
"It" turned out to be an, form of brain cancer.
's it lodged in her spine brain.
"it's actually tangled into the spinal cord itself," Ben explains.
Imagine of of, take damaging spinal cord. "
Surgery removed 75%.
The was treated with a radiation.
A second spot grew worse and radiation had.
After treatment, suddenly lost legs.
Unfortunately, the numbness became permanent.
Before long, Shelby was paralyzed from.
But that didn't stop her fighting or.
Nicknamed tumors them
"You pronounce it as tumah tumah-nator '".
How Arnold had a tumor. "
As continued to fight and improve, in August 2014, Ben got terrible news.
The lymphoma he had fought had.
And it probably had been hiding for a few years, making it hard to.
"I thought it was never a concern," Ben says.
I went through,, there wouldn't be any.
It over.
It caught. "
Ben was slated for a clinical drug, but.
No options in the Ann Arbor areas,, will force the cancer into remission so a bone marrow transplant.
Two donors have found if the cancer will respond.
"As it goes on it's getting harder and harder," he says.
"It's just picking up speed.
, Growing. "
Suddenly, both parents fatigue chemotherapy while trying to.
"Some days it feel like,".
"The days don't but you know you have to or.
Others. "
Friends and family became critical to the success, updates to the journal, and fundraisers for medical supplies to make the wheelchair-friendly.
"We had an amazing support group,".
"has friends from everything to help out at a moment's notice.
And the community, it's amazing people. "
"Even outside of our community, we know," adds,.
"We care,.
. "
This January came the worst news.
Cancer which had spine,.
Three.
Inoperable.
What is Shelby's reaction?
"" she says.
"Ben and I have a long road ahead of us.
It's hard do it. "
"For me it's something that you have to do,".
"to fight it and there is."
Maeve, who is now,, will Ben's brother worst happen setting up fundraisers for the girls.
That's the focus of and's fight.
They want to get well
"little ladies" Shelby says family and friends.
"She's doing it for herself, she's doing it for her whole family, and",.
"not give up.
What hope. "
The would like finding clinical trials they are fighting, to centers with more techniques than Michigan.
"We're going to get all of our would go to Mayo Clinic) or where maybe they do have more experience, and a" says.
"right now, we can two or three trials that Shelby, a to try on right now, it could definitely" adds.
Shelby says.
Her prognosis is, she says,.
"Never give up, there.
Just keep fighting, "Shelby says.
(CNN) transplant an:
The one.
It might as well have been with paper towels and duct tape, it leaves the wearer's behind.
"You at the hospital -- the most vulnerable garment ever invented make experience that much worse," said., and hospital gowns.
They are horrible.
They are demeaning.
They are belittling.
They are, Camilla Olney, Md.
Hospital gowns have gotten some help the Institute.
The gowns are among the most hospital.
Some health systems design its way out of style.
The Cleveland Clinic was trendsetter.
In, it introduced new after being prompted by the CEO, who often heard patient complaints.
Led to a search for something new, said Adrienne Boissy, at the.
The prominent medical center sought help, settling on a gown front and back,, such as pockets, fabric and pattern.
Patients "loved the gowns," said.
"People felt much more comfortable in the design, not just physically but emotionally."
, She added, "hospitals are looking at everything trying to evaluate whether enhancing the patient."
It's part of a trend among hospitals to improve patient reviews bottom lines -- fueled in part by the quality of other federal initiatives.
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services increasingly 'measures to hospitals.
Efforts involve improvement.
Making waiting rooms more comfortable, improving the quality of patients in hospital.
Ultimately leads to "a better patient experience," said John Combes of the American Hospital Association.
Is in the process of updating its gowns began institute challenged students at the city to identify and offer a solution to hospital problem.
Students responded with the suggestion to redo the garment by patients.
Years, but last fall, the institute unveiled a new version.
Made -- a blend that patient and in the hospital's.
Patient are part of.
"are more and more dignity," said Michael Forbes, designer at the Henry Ford Innovation Institute.
Institute tested his gown design, said patient-satisfaction noticeably increased in a few days.
The new gown "of an attitude that was that they cared about me as a being just they were," said Dale who during the time.
Whole as and meant to be comfortable. "
The traditional design is.
What patients wear needs to yet allow access during exams, meaning it must easily.
The gowns also easily mass-manufactured, as reused.
New designs can be expensive.
Valley Hospital, N.J., switched to gowns that provide extra costs,, the, because garments cost more to maintain.
Beyond, ingrained expectations in what hospitals think,, professor of medicine in JAMA Internal Medicine gowns were whether patients might be pants or along with gowns.
Often, doctors pants beneath gowns, but patients said those.
Traditional gowns make it easier to examine patients several doctors spoke to at might stay.
The most common challenge isn't doctor.
Navigating hospital bureaucracies, said Eber company.
In's, hospital decisions are made by committees, not individuals
"a lot of bureaucratic runaround," Eber said.
Baltimore Protesters over Freddie Gray got into physical altercations Saturday stadium.
Hundreds who confronted police got cops while other demonstrators threw objects.
At least five police cars were damaged.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said she was disappointed by the violence, a "."
People arrested, Police Commissioner said
"We continue to have pockets of individuals causing disturbances.
Resources safe Baltimore tweeted.
Freddie Gray, made a statement: "My family say, '
Freddie would not want this.'
Not violence.
Violence. "
Vandals damaged windows 7-Eleven.
CNN crews damaged a store and one at a restaurant.
The followed man suffered injury at police on April 12.
A week later.
The numbers of protesters dissipated just before people were still walking Park Yards,.
Earlier, demonstrators had marched through the streets Hall.
It appeared the get out of organizers marchers.
The event ended at Baltimore City Hall on Saturday but many protesters continued to vent their anger by marching down.
When got to the stadium, tensions escalated appeared to be water,.
Fans were watch the Orioles play the were.
The Orioles won the game.
It appeared held inside the ballpark until the demonstration gates opened before the.
Throughout the day, protesters yelled and "."
The police department used the march.
City Hall for the Gray and an end to police brutality.
One protest organizer down city, but turned,.
Gray died Sunday.
The was recorded on a bystander of Gray's.
The witness said Gray difficulty breathing.
After he was detained, he suffered a severe spinal cord injury.
His family said his before he slipped into a coma and died.
On Friday officials said that of his arrest at other times as he was transported to a police station.
The stopped times the District officers called to a hospital.
Investigators are looking are did Gray suffer?
Are police liable for his death?
The preliminary on autopsy has been done, the medical examiner's office is waiting on and invite said.
Report.
Batts told reporters Friday there are no excuses that Gray was not transported to a police station.
He also said officers should have given Gray timely medical care "."
Those comments upset members of the Baltimore Fraternal Order of Police.
"We are disappointed in the comments by Commissioner Batts of his staff relative to the officers directly involved in the investigation,", president said in a written statement.
These appear to be commissioner's not to jump to any conclusions until the entire investigation is complete. "
Police say five of the six officers involved have provided statements to investigators.
The officer has his, Batts said.
A wake for Gray memorial funeral Monday.
Miguel Marquez reported from Baltimore.
Steve Almasy and.
(CNN) Is there anything laser can't do?
From cutting diamonds to preserving, all the way to building terrifying eyes, there is apparently no end to the list of applications for laser.
Yet another: laser beams the weather.
It sounds like it's actually a cleaner version of cloud seeding, a form of weather modification that has been used for years -- most famously by rockets the clouds prevent.
It's how cloud seeding actually is, and it involves chemicals into the atmosphere, something which it surely doesn't need.
Laser is therefore alternative cloud's light, but light.
How does laser actually affect weather?
Just can create clouds by inducing water droplets and ice crystals, the process.
That way, rainfall can be "" the atmosphere dry later on: "We on a laboratory scale, on a scale, don't see the laser is powerful a lot of technical can't," Wolf told CNN.
That is not to say the laser he's powerful:, it has the same energy produced by all the Earth "Of course, it doesn't last very long," Wolf said.
The technology is, once it's perfected, it could modulate the weather in high, such as California or Chile, where flooding and droughts occur extreme.
Lasers, effects could be to rain in flooding-prone areas and rain: "
Laser seeding than clouds can also trigger lightning
Possible to trigger lightning in clouds, clouds but not to the ground yet. "
Have shown: A few years ago,, terawatt laser and we shot into the atmosphere, trying to trigger lightning.
We didn't, we discharge lightning within the cloud.
You know, 90 per cent of lightning discharge intra-cloud.
But there is hope. "
Controlling lightning a location would help reduce the costs associated with billions of people.
Affecting the weather could turn one at.
Professor Wolf lasers could "repair" the weather, reducing the occurrence of hurricanes, thunderstorms,.
Laser technology can look way beyond: "There are potential applications in:, we kill cancer cells with little or no damage."
) released more than 200 Yazidis,, captured their towns in northern Iraq, officials said.
Of those released were women and children; the, said Omar in the force northern Iraq's semi-autonomous region.
Omar led to the release, Arab tribal leaders helped.
The freed were received them to Irbil, said Osman, an official with Iraq's Kurdistan Regional Government.
It release, Osman said.
Osman said 217 Yazidis.
Omar, the Peshmerga, had a higher count.
ISIS released of Yazidis -- children -- attacking the group's towns last year.
Islamist militant group's, -- Yazidis.
Yazidis are of Kurdish descent, considered a pre-Islamic sect that Christianity, Judaism.
One of the oldest communities in the world, Yazidis have long suffered persecution,.
ISIS.
ISIS the town of Sinjar, in Yazidis fled -- by.
ISIS slaughtered Yazidis by the hundreds,, lawmaker representing Yazidis in Iraq told CNN last year.
Reports emerged from Yazidi survivors that ISIS raped.
An responded airdropping mountains.
Came.
In August, Iraq.
The State Department estimates that 500,000 Yazidis live in Iraq, accounting for less than 1% of the country's population.
CNN's Raja Razek reported from Beirut.
CNN's Hanna Atlanta.
(CNN) The attorney for a suburban cardiologist charged in what authorities say was a scheme to have another physician killed is calling his client "unsubstantiated."
CNN's "New Day," Randy Zelin defended,, arson prosecutors called.
"evidentiary value," told CNN Christi.
"It doesn't matter what anyone says, he is innocent."
, 54, pleaded not guilty to all charges Wednesday.
He was released after posting $2 million bond.
Zelin said his next move is Dr..
"He's patients.
He was in cell, the only thing that he cared about were his patients.
His office calls said.
Two other men,, -- were named as accomplices, according to prosecutors.
They pleaded not guilty in District Court,.
Both were on bail.
A requests for comment from an attorney representing Chmela was not returned.
It's unclear whether an attorney.
Police officers discovered 100 weapons at's home, including grenades, magazines and knives.
A behind, according to prosecutors.
The undercover officers began buying oxycodone from Moschetto in what was a the sale of drugs, officials said.
During the undercover, Moschetto also sold officers two weapons as well, prosecutors said.
Allegedly told officers during one buy that he needed dynamite to "blow up a building."
He later said because was setting fire to the building.
Part arson, according to prosecutors.
"The fire did destroy the office of another cardiologist with Dr. Moschetto had" according to the district attorney's office.
Gave an informant and and assault of the fellow, according to prosecutors.
He requested that be assaulted happened, authorities said.
(CNN) Note) -- Questions have arisen about the identity of the Gupta helped operate during Nepal in the aftermath of a devastating earthquake.
CNN is looking into as.
Gupta Bir Hospital in Kathmandu perform a a makeshift operating on a young patient as described in this story the identity.
Original story Kathmandu, Nepal -- and a girl with a bandaged head eye is rushed into Kathmandu's.
She is,, skull fractured two and a half hours, to the ground on Saturday.
Has collected of her in the area, she urgently needs to remove.
"She went to get some water and a collapsed on her head" her grandfather Prasad tells.
Her has accompanied to the capital from Panchhkal while her parents take care of her injured brother who has both legs.
The girl received treatment at hospital but to Bir hopes.
"She was.
The roof of the house on her.
After a few hours, neurosurgeon Khambu.
A craniotomy in a makeshift operating room.
Sanjay CNN's correspondent, has the request of a Nepalese team to help with the operation.
The less than ideal.
Gupta using water and rather than hot water from a sink.
Instead of electric drills, he relies on saws used and lack of electricity.
Despite is a success and her prognosis is good.
It not of the lucky ones.
Thousands were killed when a devastating earthquake rocked Nepal on Saturday.
Thousands were injured, many of whom have's overstretched hospitals.
"situations around this as,".
"more right now they're expecting more as these rescue operations go on
"able.
Of the reason to help they try to pitch in. "
How to help the earthquake victims Bir Hospital, a facility is one of the busiest in Kathmandu.
Its, scarred with cracks, was after aftershocks Sunday have scrambled of victims.
More than 4,300 were killed in Nepal, the the region.
More than 8,000 injured will areas.
Are now across from the hospital Nepal, a central Kathmandu have erected hospital shelter.
Alongside other residents,.
"been here.
The building was shaking, we all run across the road, "neurosurgeon Paresh Mani Shrestha says
"Everyone is scared to be there.
We evacuated wants to go. "
Missing Nepal?
To help Bir Hospital is a chaotic scene Monday as ambulances discharging new patients wail on the and about.
"We have about 150 patients pouring in because the rescue is just happening,".
"When it happened on Saturday, all 'alive triage could do."
He says about Dharahara, the nine-story quake.
"There was nothing coming in," Shrestha says.
But the rescue, patients are arriving at Bir.
Among them is a Western woman in a of branches.
She comes from Kathmandu where reports are arriving of devastation.
Doctors are head injuries and limb says.
Earthquake social media Hospitals were despite aid.
Aid groups at least 16 rushed to way.
To save, international aid agencies warned that children.
The U.N. said Sunday that nearly 1 million Nepalese children urgently need assistance.
(CNN) Gordon is no ordinary 21-year-old.
By day he is an industrial design Gordon has him -- darker, tougher and.
In Gordon has a suit of armor, cape and cowl -- and to stop.
Gordon has an alter ego: the Dark Knight Batman.
Origin story to be, speaking to CNN Gordon is quick to explain how the transformation took place.
Gordon says his experimenting with cosplay.
"Previously I'd been involved with costume making...
'd made a version of the from Christopher's' 'suit, ".
But as elaborate as his design was, it lacked the functionality or the authenticity.
"I was frustrated every time I wore it,".
"It really limited my mobility and I didn't like it."
In 2014 the bullet to do wouldn't inhibit mobility and provide protection and function Batman's suit. "
The had to be strong -- enough to withstand a or a baseball bat light and enough practical.
Such a balance required materials cheap.
Gordon fired up a Kickstarter campaign.
"--
"was,".
Writing his shopping list, it was important that "everywhere, even armor plating, had"
Kevlar sourced the base fabric, making it "cut and slash resistant to weapons, but breathable all day."
Opted for form of foam areas to "compress,".
With ¼ Kydex (ABS) tough armor and.
Stab resistant, can. "
The cowl was problematic, "nearly impossible" to craft out of the same materials his.
Gordon therefore took a mold of his using "working on top of with different and soft plastics to get it into a shape."
Using Gordon was able to create,, "and functional".
To be related to's,) is in, a cross between Bruce Wayne and designer Lucius Fox from Batman trilogy.
Behind the films, has taken note of his design and given it approval.
The Batsuit has made appearances at conventions and a showstopper among students.
"the theatricality of it" designer says.
That the product closely mimics's fantastical creation.
He has begun manufacturing the for the jackets for sale on Armatus Design in the next couple of weeks. "
The jackets.
Gordon has received "over 50 requests from people".
From recreational use artists want the look of []. "
Their small matter sale will feature the bat.
His fledgling business will remain small whilst he he he after all won't be using the project towards his credits.
(CNN) after ISIS using brutality and savvy propaganda to challenge al Qaeda and its affiliates for prosecutions of recruits have exploded.
The arrests -- 25 people have been detained since January -- sign that investigations when ISIS started seizing swaths of territory a year ago are being completed.
But they also highlight the unique challenges ISIS poses in al Qaeda, which has attracted U.S.-based recruits.
A new band, ISIS benefited from its propaganda, officials said.
The group quickly reached recruits through videos nonbelievers.
Most -- their consuming ISIS propaganda from YouTube and other social media.
Much of of who ISIS leaders Islam.
Western recruits in the ISIS caliphate spanning parts of Syria and Iraq, to entice friends back home to join them.
Men have been charged as part of an alleged cell linked to American Abdi, with ISIS in Syria began to appeal to friends to come to the Middle East.
"Each one of those who makes it there has to reach out to their contacts," a counterterrorism official said.
's in other nations where clusters of people have been lured to ISIS.
ISIS recruiters have an easier path to drawing supporters than al Qaeda has had.
A decade recruits faced obstacles trying to get to camps Pakistan.
Westerners trouble.
American, accessible mostly reachable through Turkey.
Istanbul's airport has easy connections to Western Europe and the rest of the world.
, Turkey infrastructure offers regions where smugglers help jihadis get across to Syria.
The informal recruitment networks and ease have presented a puzzle to counterterrorism officials, who are tracking that.
"It's for us to pick up on," counterterrorism official said of recruitment is below the radar.
Luring ISIS focus on radicalizing clerics to.
Al Qaeda recruitment focused on attracting radicals who were motivated to join the fight to protect Islamic holy lands.
In countries with conservative Islamic histories, including Saudi Arabia and Yemen.
, ISIS takes a portraying how life purportedly is compared to corrupt.
ISIS run the gamut from,, teenaged to middle-aged.
The organization,, counterterrorism and intelligence.
Fewer.
While arrests are efforts, U.S. authorities see the ISIS receding.
"," counterterrorism official said.
(CNN) It started officials digging their rubble.
As a deadly earthquake swath of Nepal, the scope of,.
The earthquake has killed more than 1,800 people, and the death toll is expected to rise.
Witness,, captured a photo of police officers in Kathmandu, the capital, trying to dig out a collapsed building.
The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies said and providing first aid to the injured.
Red Cross opened in Kathmandu.
Reports from Nepal were overflowing with patients suffering from shortages.
One doctor in the outskirts of Kathmandu put out a plea to hospital to up the electricity supply.
"Victims will be dying it," Dr. Subhash tweeted.
At hospital's Manesh saw people.
Lying outside with broken bones and injuries.
With, many turned to social media for help locating their loved ones.
Google launched a website to work as a clearinghouse for information have been found.
Saturday night in Nepal, Google was some.
Facebook activated Safety Check, which alerts any friends who are in the disaster zone.
Those in the affected area alert their family and friends.
The U.S. is providing assistance, the U.S. Embassy in Nepal said.
Teams are also on their way to the country, the Embassy said.
Nepal's neighbor India deployed teams to Kathmandu.
Within hours of the quake, India sent 300 personnel, along with supplies.
The equipment arrived in Nepal via a C-130 Hercules,, and two, according to India's Ministry of Defense.
Additional helicopters were deployed from India but turned back because of bad weather, the ministry said.
India said Sunday it would dispatch 10 aid flights to Nepal with helicopters to assist in search-and-rescue efforts.
And personnel as well as mobile,, will be on aid flights, Ministry spokesman Sitanshu Kar said.
Pakistan announced it is sending a team, a search-and-rescue experts.
Pakistani for rescues, officials said,.
Pakistan is sending water and other supplies.
China, meanwhile, announced it will send rescuers and six.
Israel send team quake Israel.
Iraq) Mass graves believed to hold Iraqi soldiers have been discovered in liberated Tikrit.
Up to 1,700 bodies recovered.
ISIS have executed captured in, Iraqi near Tikrit.
A bodies have been exhumed from mass graves Iraqi official.
Hundreds believed to Iraqis,, gathered to pray over the bodies.
Three bodies were found, 10 soldiers saluted the dead into the air.
The soldiers.
All the bodies were decomposed.
Hands bound, said.
The remains will be sent back for DNA tests to establish identify, said in the Iraqi morgue the extraction.
Damon said presidential palace complex former Iraqi two the city.
Palaces ISIS headquarters after the.
Days after a battle.
A soldier said he survived the massacre.
The solider said captured the troops outside and marched them to the complex, telling them they would was arranged.
Separated executed in graves, the survivor told.
He said he was tossed into an.
Prime Minister said revenge is the way to deal with the bodies.
He said involved have been detained.
Soldiers demanding answers from the Iraqi government about what happened.
Northern Iraq in June, some were ordered to Camp Speicher.
Their families claim the men received orders from their commanders to leave the base and.
They left unarmed and in civilian clothes,.
Military the Iraqi Defense Ministry denied being issued and the men.
ISIS released what of recruits at gunpoint and posted images showing killings.
Iraqi officials bodies.
Human Rights Watch described the "Massacre" -- as it has been dubbed in Iraq -- as "reported" more than Camp Speicher... at. "
Based on satellite testimony last year to identity a number of mass grave Tikrit.
Gave Iraqi authorities would match unidentified bodies the government.
CNN's Arwa Damon and.
Rescuers in Nepal have pulled a man from where he was stuck for 82 hours after the earthquake that hit the country.
His, experts say it injured people hours after a disaster.
The,, was a French search and rescue team,, said K.C., a spokesman for Nepal.
The team used specialized signs, he said.
But it took about 10 hours for the French team and officers to dig, the spokesman said.
A video of the rescue showed the teams drilling through concrete Khanal and hauling him through the hole.
They then carried him out of the building on a stretcher.
On Wednesday afternoon,, 27, had just undergone surgery and was resting surrounded by family and friends.
He suffered a crushed foot and was distraught.
"It survived by sheer willpower," said Shrestha, a doctor who treated Khanal, according to the news agency.
Khanal one to emerge from the destruction wrought by the quake, which has killed more than 5,000 people.
A 4-month-old baby was rescued from in Bhaktapur at least 22 hours after the quake, the newspaper Kathmandu reported.
A Nepali child during his cry was heard, the newspaper said.
The little boy, Sonit reported to be in stable condition without any internal injuries, according to examinations.
CNN's rescue, the newspaper published by Nepali ruined.
Maya 40-year-old mother of four in Kathmandu when the earthquake shook the building down around her.
She trapped in a room before rescue team freed her.
She escaped without injury, apparently a.
Sitoula says she remained confident she would survive amid the rubble.
So would she said as she on the grounds.
What did she do for 36 hours?
"I was".
"There was no and there."
Sitoula's husband,, said he called out for help for hours after the quake, in the rubble of the collapsed building.
It took 18 hours before the help arrived, he said.
It took 18 hours to free.
Keisi was buried for hours under the wreckage of a building in came tumbling down during the quake.
Rescue workers flown in help a the debris him.
Encased in an stretcher, he was lifted to safety.
But he cried rescuers set him down, shaking his head from side to side.
The search team members that called for water.
And but rescuers said they were confident.
Reported from Kathmandu, CNN's Mullen.
In the end, it played out like a movie.
A heartbreaking story, the end.
As death row inmates -- her -- were put to death Wednesday in a on the island of Nusa, the Filipina mother of two was spared now.
Her family was returning from what they thought was their final prison on "" when a Philippine flagged bus down the decision to postpone her execution.
Her ecstatic mother,, told: "We are so so happy.
I lost my daughter already but so good.
Thank you to everyone. "
Supporters were "overjoyed" with the news.
"This is of the Filipino people and the international community who have been with Jane, her family" a supporter said the eleventh-hour.
Veloso was arrested in 2010 after a flight from Malaysia to Indonesia $the of her.
The Filipino Migrante her lawyers claim was the victim.
They say she was Malaysia,'t aware the return to Indonesia.
The Philippine Embassy welcomed appreciated the case.
"While Mary Jane was convicted for a drug-related offense in the Philippines believes that she herself is a victim of drug syndicates," embassy Jed Llona said.
Alleged of Jane in the Philippines embassy responsible for justice. "
Her detention and of her translator.
Had been given the customary 72 hours of execution, her family say their goodbyes.
However, developments in her home country appear to have changed -- her fate.
CNN Philippines reported that alleged recruiter Kristina Sergio, and authorities in the Philippines.
Sergio illegal trafficking, her.
Sergio said that she had received death threats further threatening Veloso on social media.
Veloso's lawyer,, confirmed that developments in the case had prompted the stay.
"As far as Jane is concerned, her life has been spared for the moment and the legal proceedings in the Philippines first in view of the fact is now in custody," he told CNN.
Indonesian told reporters Wednesday desire case in the Philippines.
There was a letter from the Philippine government saying there is a legal process related there.
We respect this legal process. "
He stressed that the execution.
Veloso's case has touched the public Philippines, with the government calling for mercy.
President Benigno Aquino met his Indonesian counterpart on the sidelines at Kuala Lumpur weekend to commute Veloso's sentence.
Superstar, who is longtime Saturday, made a televised appeal to President also for mercy.
"I am begging on heart will executive to her," he said.
Veloso's sons 12 issued a heartbreaking plea, aimed at's, asking.
"Please tell your father not to execute her,".
Compatriot Filipino at the Indonesian Consulate Tuesday.
Be prison in Java on Wednesday.
(CNN) The streets of Baltimore are calm once again.
The night, protesters dispersed Wednesday night after 10 p.m..
"" for Freddie Gray.
While Baltimore protesters remained calm, some of their counterparts across the country were not.
More than 100 people were arrested in "" Wednesday, police said.
Arrested police officer, police orders.
All Gray was arrested suffered spinal cord injury.
He died one week later.
Demonstrations are planned for in, CNN affiliate said.
And a "Baltimore" protest will take place at Philadelphia, Philly.com said.
, Oregon and California on Friday -- often used to call attention to issues affecting minorities.
People arrested during the week were released without charges, the state office said.
Authorities had hours of their arrests.
"We've on time," said Police.
"We're not giving up.
We follow up. "
Enya at Johns Hopkins University, joined protests Wednesday.
She said the violence Baltimore is not the city.
"Baltimore is not violent.
We and the violence that erupted in reaction of police Baltimore residents said.
President Barack Obama denounced "violence, looting, that we a."
"," he said on "The Morning Show."
Obama "he praised police who he said". "
But he also talked about the state of communities.
"officers into the them to contain arrest and jail when those () end enormous tension between those communities and police," he said.
Communities' The calm took protesters who formed barricades between hot-tempered demonstrators and police, day and night.
"We show we can police ourselves," said who protesters called "unity."
We're about positivity in.
It starts with us.
Came Monday. "
The city implemented a 10 a.m. curfew period Tuesday.
Asked if was curfew, Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake made a decision.
"" the mayor said.
Many police for after into night dispersal "The police did tonight," one commented on Twitter
"they could arrested everyone at."
2,000 National Guardsmen and 1,000 Maryland and were assigned to Tuesday night, Gov.
Larry Hogan said.
In riots, 'our hearts were broken' there was major damage Wednesday, the recovery far from over.
Many saw their homes and vehicles damaged,.
Residents took to the streets to sweep up,, aching.
The governor's office has started a website for those wanting to help Baltimore recover from this week's riots.
"We have received Marylanders to help get the destruction," Hogan said.
The website, governor.maryland.gov / mdunites /, allows efforts donate to charities new incidents to police.
CNN reported from Baltimore; Holly Yan Atlanta.
([news update posted at p.m.
ET] police report nine arrests Wednesday.
Police officer,, police interference.
[Previous story posted at p.m.
ET -- across the United States took to the streets to show Baltimore their own.
On Wednesday night, people streamed into Union Square for an "" rally.
Protesters headed west on 17th Street and were met by Police officers who pushed them back.
Lines and police placed people in zip ties in the street.
Also handed out protesters and pedestrians to sidewalk.
One person was placed in ambulance and taken away.
The crowd headed toward Times Square.
A law enforcement source told CNN that more than 60 people were arrested during the demonstrations.
The rally was protests over Eric Garner, who died while police held him in what appeared to be a chokehold.
The demonstrators chanted "Black Lives Matter" and "Justice for Freddie Gray" --.
CNN Mayor Bill de Blasio sent a message to protesters ",."
A smaller rally was held Tuesday.
In Washington, about 500 protesters, mostly in their 20s, gathered in the middle of "fight."
The seemed confrontational with Public Enemy "" and sign-language translating the chants.
The protest moved to where.
It started after office workers home disrupt the Washington.
One of the groups involved in the protest is the DC.
Organizer said the march was called to show solidarity with the police brutality is a national issue.
Several hundred people gathered in Minneapolis for a rally organized by the group # BlackLivesMatter.
Group held events in response to alleged police brutality across the country.
Protests also were held in Boston and Houston.
In Ferguson, were shot, the police reported.
Police said the shooting.
Arrested were,, police said.
Police said about,, damaging four cars and debris on Estates and West Florissant, police said.
One in was police said.
Police anti-riot.
Los Angeles, people Monday night to disperse, reported CNN affiliate KABC.
About 50 people marched, KABC said.
, Protesters gathered San Antonio.
Traffic carried protest signs.
Tuesday from police at 35th and Michigan the, WGN reported.
Police.
WGN said spoke about police and the death, an off-duty officer in 2012.
Officer last week.
The group plans Wednesday.
People marched Monday in Oakland of Baltimore, reported CNN.
A protest is planned for Thursday in Cincinnati CNN affiliate.
"" protest held Thursday.
(CNN) Most kids go.
Zuriel Oduwole isn't kids. "
Of her work, camera and on plane.
Born to a Nigerian father and a Mauritian mother, Oduwole is "the world's youngest filmmaker."
Aged 12, she already has four documentaries under her belt on African issues.
It all started three years ago when Oduwole decided film the Ghana.
Banda Rajkeswur () () Ellen Verde first foray into filmmaking the bug and wanted to make movies.
Turned to web tools needed in the filmmaking process
"my documentaries,".
Her second outing, "Educating and Healing Africa Out" of African.
She followed it up in 2014 with her movie "."
Her most recent project that catapulted her to international recognition.
Last year, "Promising Africa" is the first in an ongoing series which profile African nations,.
"I've interviewed heads of state include the President of Nigeria and,".
Also interview Aliko Dangote. "
, "A Promising Africa" has received on the big screen in five countries -- Nigeria, UK and Japan.
Young trailblazer, world's 100, recalls her film and Lagos.
"I'm when people see see Africa is full of positive things -- not the things on the news like," she says.
"I want to show them a lot more -- there,, and more."
Although she,, is home-schooled through an Californian system, is already a 9th grader two years ahead of the rest of her age.
Patricia full-time engineer, whilst,, has taken to help a lot of what three other siblings are doing.
"There really is a lot in our household but somehow we make it work," says Oduwole.
In addition to her has become an education advocate.
She travels to African countries on a regular basis to talk to students about education.
Her project ",," says she's to talk children countries.
"Girl is important because the boys get an education,".
Boys go to school and get an education while the girls stay at home.
And girls aren't educated. "
(CNN) -- of nation -- France liberty ally has Atlantic's waves.
With sail and bright blue and gold is a replica of 18th century French United States' the War of Independence.
It set sail in France on Virginia journey through American history.
In, French nobleman who fought in army.
His name: du Motier Lafayette.
Lafayette carried prized news from Louis XVI was guns,.
Lafayette had been wounded in the Revolutionary War back Washington,.
The front in while did sea battle with its.
Coppered was an that it cut through the waters.
In Bay, it joined that led the British to surrender.
After returned to live in France.
More than 200 years later,, a group of people with frigate same building the original.
The replica is the most authentically Ship in 150 years. "
After a year, it Saturday to's journey 235 years after the original, and France gave act.
'hermione is a luminous of our history.
A champion of, freedom, and of friendship between France and the United States, "French President Francois Hollande said.
President Obama in a letter to congratulate the France "our Nation's oldest ally."
"United States and France have stood owe," he wrote.
L will across the Atlantic for 27 days,, where it plans to arrive in early June.
That, it will show off in along the East Coast.
For the Fourth of July, sharing Statue of Liberty.
Countries around the world have launched massive operations to help victims of the Nepal earthquake Nepal is come to terms with the scale of the disaster.
With over 4,400 injured and 8 million people across Nepal aid groups and at least 16 nations have rushed to send supplies to the country.
The government and are leading face problem to effectively coordinate and organize of aid.
Major obstacles are hampering efforts distribution.
Nepal international airport.
Relief at Tribhuvan International Airport remains with a large number of cargo planes.
Several aircraft carrying essential supplies have been turned away, to India.
"The airport is.
Even planes which have landed, haven't been the Asia of () told CNN.
, Live air traffic incoming have had to in several times before being able to land.
The (UNDAC) team who is on the ground coordinating international relief efforts says they are doing all they can to address the problem.
"There are lots of flights and rescue, and that's the challenge to airport directly" a UNDAC leader.
Chapagain says management is still chaotic and military not able to clear runways and supplies.
According to a U.N. situation report, roads in but remote areas are largely inaccessible.
"Due to mountainous infrastructure, many affected areas reported,".
Not been able to areas due to difficulties, told CNN
The helicopters are.
They don't and conditions.
Given Nepal we cannot transport we are it, "said Sagar Parajuli, the Joint Secretary Home Ministry.
The situation has deteriorated to the point where relief workers.
, Disaster for Red Cross to reach severely affected districts, said.
Reports from the have been as teams arriving in severely affected areas continue to.
Just two days after the earthquake struck, authorities leading the response are still trying to fully understand which areas are affected and what the priorities are.
"what we see, in other emergencies, takes a few lines" UNDAC's Werne told CNN.
"Right now we're working a lot of working on vulnerable areas identified prior to the earthquake," he added.
Get survivors in Nepal still be before government is still constrained by the scale of the disaster, says.
(CNN) of investigators in California.
The FBI said Friday it will during the beating of a suspect in San Bernardino.
The suspect allegedly fled by when law enforcement officers tried to arrest him.
San Sheriff said investigations have begun into the actions of deputies as well as the suspect.
An internal investigation has been launched.
Ten deputies on Friday.
In video captured deputies gather around the man after he falls from a was.
The video shows deputies using a stun gun and then repeatedly kicking and hitting him.
KNBC reported that the man -- identified by authorities as Francis Pusok -- appeared to be kicked, 37.
Was KNBC reported, citing authorities.
"and ordered an investigation" statement.
"What I saw was thugs,",,
's what.
These questions what was?
What?
Than Rodney King. "
The ACLU of California issued a statement Friday saying that it was "deeply troubled" by the images.
"While we applaud Sheriff John's prompt decision to investigate deputies, more is needed," the organization said.
Department SoCal use of force "
An app report incident began when deputies tried to serve a search warrant in an investigation, according to the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department.
Pusok fled in a vehicle and deputies pursued him through the unincorporated area of, the Valley and farther into the unincorporated area of Hesperia, the sheriff's office said in a news release.
Pusok fled on foot into steep rugged terrain,, the sheriff's office said.
"Within minutes, deputies received information that the suspect into a group of Creek Hot Springs horse.
He fled on to the horse, the sheriff's office said.
A dropped deputies onto the ground and approached Pusok he was thrown from the horse, the sheriff's office said.
The sheriff's office said a Taser was used on Pusok because of his clothing.
A deputy was injured been, the Sheriff said.
Other deputies were treated.
The incident comes amid heightened scrutiny after the deaths of Eric Garner in New York and Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, and the shooting of Walter Scott in South Carolina.
In, the investigation the U.S. Attorney's Office in the Central District of California in to determine.
Police use excessive force?
Seoul (CNN) the first disappeared, pulled body from the wreckage,.
And throughout days months see them her 16-year-old daughter, Huh Da-yun.
The months ago the water South Korean ferry.
The sank April 16 people, mostly students were on their way to Korea.
"We kept waiting with in.
'person and what if it's Da-yun?' "
Park said.
A remains at.
Yet to.
"We, the missing victims, are living April," said Park, who is in poor health,.
Daughter and other missing people. "
Park's case is one -- what remains unresolved a year after the ferry sank.
The ferry disaster have been sent to jail on criminal charges.
But families say the the sinking of Sewol.
On April 16, the ferry,, began sinking after taking a sharp turn.
Passengers were told repeatedly by the crew members to stay where they were would.
Many listened to the instructions and remained.
The ferry water seeped the ship toppled over, injuring people and blocking their way out.
How to evacuate the passengers intensified when video surfaced of the ferry the arms of the while hundreds remained trapped.
Divers to pluck the water back in body bags met with the cries of families.
On anniversary, President Park Geun-hye called for the salvage as soon as possible. "
"Recently, there was an announcement that it is possible to salvage.
To prepare to salvage, she said.
A government on raising the ferry last week identified crane the safest way for the missing.
The Sewol ferry is over 20 years old and could fall apart during the extraction, according to the Ministry.
The a complicated technical operation to remove the, which would weigh 10,200 tons water.
The process could take over a year and 182 million.
The victims' families have demanded that the ship be recovered to investigate the accident.
Immediately after the disaster criticized the.
Communication over the rescue efforts were jumbled, paving way for rumors.
Criticism swirled over Korean Coast Guard in carrying out the rescue operation.
The coast guard rescue the Sewol of reports.
The efforts have taken a deadly toll of a diver searching the Sewol, and in July, five people died workers involved in the operation.
Korean pledged reforms, the and vowed an investigation into what went wrong.
That promised has been hampered by disagreements between the families and the government over who should participate.
Earlier this month, several dozens of family members marched from Ansan where students.
Some of to demand action.
Several laws to inspect cargo and increase oversight.
In case the ferry loaded with.
't secured properly, which threw the ship off balance as the containers tumbled and off balance.
And the ship more passengers and cargo were also cited in the disaster.
The sinking spurred a debate about the shortcomings of the government and what preventive measures should have been taken.
"The tragedy of was also corruption and said on Thursday.
"and are issues people.
We take this very seriously. "
In the immediate aftermath, South Korean prosecutors arrested, crew.
Sewol Joon-seok, who was widely derided for jumping was sentenced to death and violating laws.
In July, the body of a billionaire was believed to have connections to the ferry found decomposing.
Families say allowed the disaster to occur haven't been addressed.
Whether the ferry will an investigation will be held remains to be seen.
(CNN) A large storm Typhoon Maysak is over the Pacific from a Philippines.
Is moving west-northwest of, according to the U.S. Joint Typhoon Warning Center.
To make landfall in central Philippine island on Sunday, the country could start feeling days before.
That could interrupt the celebration for many in the predominantly Catholic nation be heavy rains and potent winds.
The "are expected to throng coastal areas at this time."
Images of the typhoon from the posted the the storm.
The storm is expected to lose more strength before it reaches the Philippines.
Its sustained winds on Wednesday were 150 mph, making it a super typhoon Center's definition.
The winds' strength declined super typhoon but hurricane.
Meteorologist Ivan Cabrera told CNN that could weaken a storm by the time it reaches the coast.
"This will not be a catastrophic storm," Cabrera said.
It could cause flooding and bring strong winds,.
The Philippines is frequently hit by typhoons.
December killed the East Asian nation and injured hundreds more.
But that devastation paled in comparison to Super Typhoon Haiyan in November,.
That typhoon, among to make landfall city of.
The upcoming storm is its timing:, the Philippines Atmospheric Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration declared the onset of the nation's dry season.
PAGASA -- called in the Philippines -- will bring heavy rains to Luzon, according to the Philippines News Agency.
Management alert Wednesday of the storm.
Alert relevant personnel should be on storm.
(CNN) Late one night on Facebook, a girl messaged a boy with cystic fibrosis, and their lives changed forever.
, Katie read,,
"you can reach out to me," she wrote.
Do I know you? "
He responded.
Wrote, told Dalton a bit about herself.
Like him,, my breathing is crappy I see you.
I'm sorry.
... stay. "
The two flew.
Falling in love.
For most other couples, the would be.
For Katie and Dalton -- dangerous.
Cystic fibrosis patients shouldn't be near each other because they that lungs.
Michael of Kentucky, Katie was, had CF patients a bad idea.
In online, one of the first things Dalton told Katie about himself was that he had Burkholderia cepacia, a horribly dangerous infection for CF.
"I was like 'I'm from Burkholderia deal".
The decision should her. "
To her heart, it hurt her.
She asked Dalton in Flemingsburg, Kentucky.
"I told I'd rather be like really happy sooner be happy and,".
"I had to think,, just know."
On August 28, 2009, Dalton drove more than six hours from, Katie's hometown in, they arranged to meet at.
At 10 pm -- the time -- Katie got out of her car and saw Dalton leaning against a brick wall looking cool and his sunglasses.
"My heart was racing, but I just hugged and kissed him on the mouth saying,.
"I'm that kind it felt."
Took Dalton made dinner with her and her parents, and.
Later the young couple,,.
Their health quickly deteriorated, and within months, the husband.
To his family's repair, Katie quit hers as.
2014, the couple entered the Pittsburgh Medical Center together new lungs.
Came first on November 17 had his transplant.
Despite his Burkholderia, transplants, it was a success.
"I was so thrilled.
I was so happy for him, Katie says.
UPMC discharged she told her it would be good for her to get out for a while.
She had three days later to get back, but Medicare and.
-- the federal insurance program wouldn't pay Katie had been out of the hospital for sixty days.
But Katie was too sick to stay out of the hospital for six days, much less sixty.
Relied on Medicaid, public was her home state of Kentucky.
She was admitted to Kentucky Hospital, where beloved.
But hurdle.
Anstead explained transplant the two in Kentucky,, to that experience.
Katie, now 24 and 23,.
Her doctors predicted she wouldn't live a year without.
On her private insurance wasn't an option, is's policy.
Anstead wrote a letter to Medicaid, pleading with them to's care, out of state.
Kentucky Medicaid denied his,.
In a statement to CNN, a spokeswoman for the Cabinet Services pointed the the enroll a Medicaid provider.
"allow for enrollment for out-of-state providers in such situations," wrote the spokeswoman,.
UPMC reverse its decision and Kentucky Medicaid provider, the Department... their. "
UPMC counters if care would to sign up of their accept Kentucky Medicaid patients.
While UPMC spokeswoman Wendy Zellner didn't elaborate, hospital might be loathe to sign up large-scale of out-of-state Medicaid patients under are.
Hundreds of doctors Kentucky Medicaid is "an and we have signed with state Medicaid," wrote.
UPMC wants Katie, and our physicians Medicaid. "
Katie waits in limbo in her hospital bed, hoping the -- Medicare, Medicaid -- will she can get.
"dollar says
I don't because.
That's stupid.
Have to. "
If Katie doesn't get her, not only will she die, but the risk that her infection, which could be deadly for's on system.
As a result,, the director of the media relations group at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services arranged a call.
But it didn't go well.
Katie says the caller identified herself as mean, and angry. "
"She said told her to call me was pain to have to be talking to me," she says.
Says Medicare representative would look into her situation.
In a statement, CMS to situation can get the care.
Reaching out to the state agency to find a solution as soon as possible.
Caught in between insurance tries to stay, her nearly six years in their Facebook.
Dalton helps and raising money on their Facebook page keeps her busy.
About transplant list "
On the list:.
Learn another language they speak.
A together their love.
They have simpler dreams.
Like going together on the couch.
And their "I just want to make it to our four year anniversary and be able to hug.
On our.
Wednesday afternoon, there were signs.
Spokeswoman, email to CNN
"Ky Medicaid reached.
So she wrote.
Katie and Dalton were glad to hear it.
"I don't care what I have to do to get lungs,".
(When ISIS overran their villages near Mosul in 2014, Assyrians, a minority reaching up weapons militia Dwekh Nawsha -- "."
Assyrians belong to the population of Iraq -- CAPNI, the largest Christian organization 1.5 million 20 years ago -- and many among them see the battle.
"Ah, Assyrians read about the Bible, many people say," says Marcus,.
Not just history, here. "
The exodus of Christians from Iraq started -- and the civil war in the mid-2000s took heavy toll.
, Christians Kurdish the north haven stability.
And so, the Kurds taking to defend against ISIS.
Fighters rumbling coalition Baqufa where they have their safe house just a few miles from the frontline.
They patrol the village to hinder ISIS from entering the of Dohuk -- have a temporary stay.
So far, the militia has only 40 fighters.
But Baito, manager of the group, shows on -- dozens of ex-soldiers, Assyrians contact him and offer support presence on the frontline.
"We have 200 people now, we simply do not have enough weapons and training capacities," says.
Since they are still small and have, the fighters Kurdish and share the same foxholes.
Fighters.
A carrying his military in an elegant sheath, says he brought his father when he enlisted.
"But, we see each other rarely because he is in another unit," he says.
"When I go on vacation, he the other.
Swap units, for him, a quick back home.
ISIS on other fronts -- of Niniveh are safe for mostly fighters.
But none of them thinks fighting will end afterward.
(CNN) Ferguson.
After months and months of frustration, has a new board.
It looks than.
A higher-than-normal 30% turnout, won their wards Tuesday night to make the City Council 50% black.
Ferguson's 21,000 black, the City Council was white,.
Supporters of both candidates said the tragedy of young,.
Her victory became official Tuesday.
Won of the vote.
"Thank you,.
An Jones said at a party held at Drake's.
Will become the first black woman on Ferguson council.
Jones who won the Ward 3 seat% of the vote, said their from a racial perspective.
Her job as director to run for office,, heard from a 65-year-old black man as she did.
"My job is to be that a new face on Ferguson," she said.
Criminal said "quality on council," the change.
He made policing his No.
Priority and intends the hiring of a new police chief in this St. Louis suburb.
Former chief a report found discrimination against law enforcement municipal.
Ferguson in number of tickets.
One other seat in Ferguson.
That was won by Brian Fletcher, a mayor the "I".
Fletcher beat,, with 56.7% of the vote.
Fletcher told voters he was best suited for his critics' claims that he the guard.
", but those individuals don't know me," he said.
Fletcher said he had contacts with elected officials from decades in politics.
Getting Ferguson back on its feet, he said.
The city required to budget by the new council will have to look to the $3 million lost from by traffic tickets and fines.
"That will drop," Fletcher said.
Earlier in the day, the skies grew dark and with warnings of flash floods.
Amid opened polls in the morning few would come out to vote in such a pivotal election.
But Tuesday was different.
It was the first city election since white police killed Michael Brown in August.
Dread that the turnout was low calls for change would have been in vain.
The candidates who run campaigns calling for change hoped turnout would in their favor.
"That is what our democracy" Bell said.
Ran against a retired plant employee,, was killed, the business corridor that felt the brunt of protests and vandalism.
Charred, damaged buildings still stand Ferguson's anger.
"You got your vote?"
Yelled was distributing Koch Elementary School the precinct to.
Some residents did have their vote.
They felt duty this year.
One Yvette Bailey, who.
In never paid much mind to.
Until now.
Though she was aware of her Brown, she said,.
"It made me think of my family," said Bailey,.
She was undecided about who to vote for until the last minute when the polling station they.
Decided her vote for Bell because he was a young man.
She thought he was more in sync with Ferguson's.
"be more open-minded," she said after voting.
Changing the way polices people was No.
Voter's agenda.
Even the candidates agreed that the city needed change when it came to policing.
"to get out of enforcement for business," said McClellan at Lewis.
McClellan referred to traffic tickets for the city.
"That's not a good thing," said station voters who were undecided.
Heidemann a, said he voted for Fletcher.
Residents saw part of the problem one when Fletcher.
He said Brown's shooting brought a lot of bad things to light.
"We realize the effect some institutional problems," he said.
"Some things need to be changed, and we are aware of that."
By midafternoon, Fletcher said the numbers were looking good.
Three wards were casting ballots, predicted a 40 -50% turnout.
Few Presbyterian Ferguson cast their votes.
Hudgins attracted attention as a white man who protesters on.
Talk black woman and a biracial son.
Glenn,, is black.
His wife is white.
The couple moved to Ferguson after he retired from the Marine Corps it was a racially welcoming place.
Problems it's time for council, Glenn said
"using law enforcement as revenue stream,.
"the military to places looting.
Police order. "
Angela Jackson vote two.
She voted for, former.
Of other residents experienced in this election: candidates coming to door.
Past elections have not seen the kind of canvassing in weeks.
Past municipal media attention.
") talked about her change in," Jackson said.
She's going to be hands on.
She lives in the neighborhood as well the.
We were taken. "
The rain began to fall as in.
It was expected to continue off through the night.
At about 5 voters leaving work, the sun.
Overheard at one: brought out the worst.
(CNN) Pope Francis on Sunday by using the word "genocide" to refer to the mass killings of Armenians a century ago under the Ottoman Empire.
"century lived through three massive tragedies," the Pope said at a Mass at St. Peter's Basilica to commemorate the Armenian massacres.
Is genocide he said a 2001 declaration by the Armenian.
Though quoting from the declaration upset Turkey.
The nation recalled its ambassador to the Vatican for "consultations" just hours after Francis' comments, the Turkish Foreign Ministry said.
, Turkey summoned from the Vatican, Turkish state broadcaster TRT reported.
Turkey's ambassador to the Vatican, Gursoy told CNN in a telephone interview that the Turkey has summoned its ambassador "not the Vatican."
"this is a situation that we do not approve of, (ambassador)," Gursoy said, adding that the Pope's use of the word was "."
In a tweet on his account, Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu called the Pope's use of the word "unacceptable" "of historical and."
"are not places through which hatred allegations,".
This consternation over 'genocide' occurs regularly.
Armenians upset Turkey.
Armenian Foreign Minister Nalbandian rebuked Turkey.
"a situation in which Turkey speaks the international community that," he said to News
"During international organizations that statements recognize the and" he said.
"statement are in context of universal.
When Turkey understand this, it will be what big (or '') are saying. "
Groups say Turks planned genocide than a million ethnic Armenians massacred in the final years of the Ottoman Empire.
Turkey officially denies saying thousands of Armenian Christians died in intercommunal violence around the bloody battlefields of World War I.
The Armenian government and influential Armenian groups have urged countries.
Turkey.
Pope Francis said Sunday that "Catholic and Orthodox and Greeks" were also killed in the century ago.
He said were responsible for the "unprecedented tragedies" of the past century.
CNN video of a South Carolina officer gunning down apparently unarmed black man police has by officials and the public.
North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager, a of that force, and Walter Scott, 50.
Slager was charged Tuesday with firing shots at Scott, killing him.
"" the force, North Charleston Mayor said.
Added police Chief on Wednesday: "."
Both Scott and Slager served in the Coast Guard,.
Scott a.
Slager is father to two months' pregnant.
Here's what we know of the fatal shooting: pulled over at: to authorities.
Chief Driggers described the "traffic stop of an individual minor on his vehicle, a."
A chase occurred, a report said.
The video, taken by a passer-by, doesn't show any vehicle.
And Scott path roadway in fence.
The video was shot through the fence.
"The officer ran the traffic stop," Scott family said.
According to the police report, Scott.
Scott's brother, Anthony Scott, said his brother had child support and had an outstanding warrant wasn't.
"That very well could have been the reason (police) the that was on him" said.
The video a second apparent struggle between the officer and suspect.
The officer contended he Scott that.
But Anthony Scott saw the video, the officer told CNN.
"There was a Taser, Scott said.
Would have. "
The video shows running, with his back to.
As he does so, two fall.
One falls behind the officer.
Falls between the two men.
To Anthony Scott, the videotape shows his brother was "running" away from the officer to escape more of the Taser.
"thinking he was not going to be shot.
, Scott said.
Scott runs away, the officer pulls his service pistol and fires, the video shows.
As the shots are being fired, Scott keeps running away from the officer,.
Scott then falls.
In the video, when the officer approaches's body, a dark object.
It's not clear whether the Taser.
It's also unknown whether Scott took the officer's or officer.
Scott according to the video, someone yells, "Put your hands behind your back!"
Scott motionless and on the ground handcuffed.
Apparently called dispatch
"shots fired, subject is down.
Taser, the dispatcher according to a transcript provide.
The dispatcher notes., according to the transcript.
About 90 seconds after saying that his, the officer describes wounds, according to the transcript.
The location of the shooting is behind a pawn shop,.
A police report identified that.
CNN Charleston initially said his attorney, David Aylor.
Aylor told CNN he was no longer representing the officer.
"Today, my representation of Michael.
A tragedy has Aylor said.
Anthony Scott calls and says his brother was at a traffic stop.
Scene and finds see police tape around vehicle officer.
He asks.
No one replies.
Then Anthony Scott tells "my," Anthony Scott said.
"at that it,".
Officer apprises of what happened.
Anthony Scott shown the video for the first time on Sunday.
"it was we have to get the video was key evidence,, Scott said
"We had to.
The country. "
"a at the time, said.
"the video was, discrediting what the" Anthony Scott said.
The nation did see the video -- and by.
Authorities saw.
Slager was denied bail at a hearing Tuesday night,.
"I have two stepchildren," Slager told magistrate.
If found guilty, Slager could face life in prison or death.
Charleston to the the pregnancy of's wife, the mayor said.
An autopsy revealed that Mr. Scott sustained multiple gunshot wounds to the back the death was ruled 'Homicide,' Charleston County Coroner Wednesday.
Anthony Scott said that shot.
The findings support's -- even video never existed, Anthony Scott said.
"we would have gotten to this, but not this," Scott said.
"There is absolutely no way to cover that up," he added about the gunshot wounds.
North Charleston police involved the shooting and have turned the matter over to the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division.
The FBI is also investigating.
Stewart believe the Officer relocated the Taser, they said.
Accused the officer of evidence by moving the Taser and to Walter Scott's body.
A slow-motion tape moments the officer's the the Taser, the attorney alleged.
", Scott way back from where he was shots comes to the body,, ground," Stewart said, referring.
Believe that is in his of what happened out there.
I mean he committed a murder.
Justifiable force,, Stewart said.
Neither Officer or his attorney could be reached for comment.
Authorities on the details under investigation.
(CNN) Noelle Velentzas couldn't understand U.S. citizens traveling overseas to wage jihad ", according to a federal criminal complaint.
And, 31-year-old Asia Siddiqui, were arrested United States said.
U.S. citizen.
The complaint paints a picture of a disturbing homegrown extremism.
Siddiqui had poems with possessed along with instructions on turning them into explosive devices, the complaint said.
One day, pulled her showed what with it if to complaint.
"Why can't we be real?"
Asked Velentzas, adding that needed "."
Velentzas and Siddiqui did not enter when they appeared in federal court on Thursday.
They were held without bond ordered on May 4.
Attorney, said outside court that his client intends to plead not guilty.
"everything in court," he said.
're in court. "
If convicted, face a maximum sentence of life in prison.
In the past 18 months, the Justice Department's National Security Division is prosecuting 30 cases of people attempting to provide support to terrorist groups.
Cases, allegedly involve ISIS.
"how the terrorist threat is evolving, how the terrorist threat is evolving,, Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told reporters Thursday.
"The terrorist threat is more, more complicated.
The lone wolf, involves the media,. "
, Velentzas discussed the shooting deaths of two police officers who were ambushed in Brooklyn.
How easy it is to kill a cop, she said.
"Killing a police officer," she is quoted as saying in the complaint, "because one has to wait in line."
The undercover agent later pointed out that 25,000 of, Velentzas complimented "" a terror attack, the complaint said.
Velentzas and Siddiqui expressed support for violent jihad,.
They praised successful unsuccessful terror attempts against Americans.
"As this case carefully to launch an attack on the homeland," Loretta Lynch, U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York, said in a statement.
To terrorize abroad attacks by plotting. "
In wrote poem in Arabian Peninsula urged readers.
She declared no "and wait -- for rain martyrdom."
Prosecutors said the women "" a car such as the one used in the World Trade Center, building the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing.
Described bin Laden as one of her heroes.
She of bin Laden holding an AK-47 background her said.
There were opportunities "" engaging in soil, she said.
In February, Velentzas drove past a Home Depot.
About told a Home Depot employee that she a when looking.
"like to look at clothes, quotes her as saying
".
In a statement, Islamic said Velentzas was formerly homeless and provided shelter by the relief organization.
"She stayed for a period of time between,".
While staying in shelter staff helped her get on her feet.
She to a health care provider after she employed.
She left when she married. "
Velentzas appeared to have experienced hardship in her life but was "working towards self-development and long-term stability," the statement said.
"She also appeared to be someone who greatly benefited ICNA Relief provides through speak.
She appeared at several and was the subject of videos.
Ashley Chung, a neighbor in Queens, said had lived with her.
"She's very friendly and".
"They're lovely people
...
What they're up to. "
Thursday's arrests are part of a series of federal government.
An Army were arrested in Illinois and accused of conspiring to provide material support to ISIS, federal prosecutors said.
The attack U.S..
Spc.
Hasan Edmonds, 22, was arrested Chicago while attempting to travel to Egypt to join ISIS,.
His cousin "" Edmonds,, was arrested at his home in Aurora in connection with an alleged plot to carry out an armed attack on an unspecified U.S. military facility in northern Illinois where Hasan had been training.
Two charged in criminal complaints filed in U.S. District Court with one count of conspiring to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization.
In February, three New York men were arrested and accused of a failed attempt to join ISIS in Syria, prosecutors said.
(CNN) Co. is recalling 30,000 cases due the Food and Drug Administration.
Nationwide recall.
So far, no illnesses have been reported.
The potential was discovered at Michigan store 30 tested positive.
A list of the products in the recall.
Anyone who purchased the items is urged to or return it.
Listeria can cause serious infections in people,,
(CNN) Thousands are trapped in Yarmouk refugee camp seized by groups including ISIS,.
Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says 90% of the camp.
Calling the lives of Yarmouk refugees "" on Sunday, the United Nations Relief and Works Agency issued a statement.
"Never has been more refugee camp Yarmouk," the statement said.
Estimates 18,000 civilians remain trapped in the camp that has been engulfed in fighting between government and rebel forces since December.
Syria reports people have fled in the past two days as food supplies remain scarce.
"people are trying to leave" says Mohammed to live in Yarmouk.
"There is no electricity," says Mohammed
ISIS controls injured. "
Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports bombs were dropped on the camp Sunday as clashes continued.
The Palestine Liberation Organization called on international bodies to assist in the evacuation of people from the camp.
"Reports of kidnappings and killings are coming from Yarmouk, which is a" Palestine Executive said Saturday.
Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was accommodate people fleeing the conflict.
"The levels of humanity that we have seen descended into levels of inhumanity," said Chris Gunness, spokesman for the UNRWA.
Yarmouk added, "
We are.
ISIS fighters seized the Iraqi city of Ramadi in Friday suicide car bombs, an Iraqi official said.
At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed,, the head of Iraq's Anbar provincial council.
The Iraqi Anbar province was.
The northern Ramadi districts of, the time.
() west of Baghdad has seen.
ISIS took parts of Anbar city in the first half of 2014, and it.
Iraqi security forces discovered tunnels in February that could.
But they didn't them weeks later, ISIS detonated bombs from a tunnel underneath an army headquarters Anbar.
More than 40 Iraqi soldiers died in that explosion.
Iraqi forces have made in beating back the group the swaths of Iraq.
Their most high-profile victory, for instance, was the recapture of Tikrit.
And airstrikes have made a difference, according to officials in Washington and beyond.
Still, ISIS remains a formidable force and,, willing to go on offense to take territory.
May be Mosul, Iraq's second largest city its soldiers forces advanced last June.
A U.S. official said in February that Iraqis troops were expected to return to the key northern Iraqi city in May.
But, a senior official in President Obama's administration appeared to back away -- saying Mosul "time) might be soon."
An said that winning Mosul is a complex endeavor.
The effort.
It will "take a lot of capacity," the official said, "and some time to build."
Tikrit, Iraq (CNN) but fear remains.
As Iraqi forces, aided by Shiite militiamen, took control Wednesday of the northern city of Tikrit, they found vehicles laden with explosives that.
CNN senior correspondent Arwa Damon, who was in Tikrit on a mechanical digger packed with explosives that had disarm.
The troops, she said, entered buildings in explode.
Plumes of smoke rose from buildings in the background.
Near Iraqi's birthplace -- the CNN saw a destroyed truck with machine gun.
Iraqi forces said they the.
ISIS compound in fierce fighting said, adding that traps.
Police said of improvised explosive devices.
CNN at least explosions,, were.
The political.
Officials are concerned about the particularly Shiite militiamen Iraqi troops.
Officials fear the militiamen "" of ISIS fighters in Tikrit last year.
Much of the population of Tikrit is Sunni.
And Sunni stoke local anger, jeopardizing the ability to hold onto the country together.
Sectarian resentment helped fuel ISIS in the first place.
Sons'
Of soldiers captured by ISIS from the terrorist group, which is also known as ISIL and Islamic State, a significant victory for the Iraqi government tried -- and failed -- to retake the city.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi arrived Wednesday to claim the the city was.
Al-Abadi, who is also Iraq's top military commander, announced evening the city was under the control of Iraqi forces.
Iraqi forces clean out pockets of resistance Wednesday, said Interior Minister Mohammed was.
Said Iraqi government control.
"The enemy has been defeated, al-Ghabban said.
In the coming hours, the.
Iraqi said the few ISIS militants left in the the.
ISIS nine-month dominion over Tikrit marked by brutality.
1,500-plus force ISIS believed Tikrit.
The push into Tikrit came after airstrikes targeted bases.
Al-Abadi said.
Brett McGurk, the U.S. deputy envoy to the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL, tweeted that coalition airstrikes had destroyed numerous ISIS shelters.
"We courageous Iraqi forces under command from,".
Victory in Tikrit, said.
The coalition of Shiite militiamen.
The militia,, backed by Iran.
Marked the open Iranian front lines in Iraq.
Iraqi forces back Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city.
A troops return in May to.
Don Melvin report.
(CNN) This article contains language that may be offensive to some.
News broke last weekend that Hillary Clinton had declared her candidacy among news stories that refer to her mononymous "Hillary" star in.
New York Post published "Dunham backs Hillary" former on throughout the.
The New Republic posted a piece There's Hillary. "
She's famous enough to name, but should she?
Clinton is more her, she.
She's not.
Yet, despite her career, called Clinton by her first name,, in a way't even similar.
According to a University of Utah study, than her rival,, and so it goes this time.
After all, Rand's running.
So is.
When those guys declared,, that included their last names.
There's a very good reason for that.
A position that the world.
Not only deserves respect, but.
Being the United States.
"" in future?
Unlikely.
For Mitt "?
Nope.
The U.S. Army, meanwhile, is one of dignity and respect at.
't call commanding officers names even -- they're women.
Why are we referring to the possible next commander-in-chief as if we're her of?
Before you point to the Clinton is not the first to the one of The smart enough to this.
George W. Bush wasn't't "W" ().
As should have been, Clinton is just distinguishing herself her first name.
Unwelcome:'s "Hillary's" appears to be Hillary2016.
Her reportedly the ": Hillary's President."
Perhaps Clinton advisers believe the name more,.
Maybe it's an effort to distance Clinton from the her, "" "."
While our president -- if not desire her as a -- it's important to trust, and respect, her -- and that level of formality.
Public to leader the fact that she or she's a woman who, simply, happens to be a woman.
Or not, calling Clinton by her first name,, to be "approachable," or aloof, in order to be liked while doing it --, and put her in her place.
There's a reason all former presidents Hey Jimmy!
Ferguson, Missouri (CNN) At least three people were shot in Ferguson, Missouri, Tuesday demonstrators a spokesman said.
Two people were shot and another was shot in the leg, spokesman said.
There is a suspect in custody in:.
Two victims in were hospitalized, Small said.
"Police are having a difficult time investigating the," he said.
"police shootings protest."
St. posted video.
Multiple gunshots as people flee in panic.
Demonstrators set a toilet on fire.
Can seen fluid.
Pic.twitter.com / The unrest carried on until 3 a.m. and three police vehicles were damaged by rocks.
The renewed tensions follow the death of Freddie Gray.
Police on April 12 died a fatal.
Eric Garner in New York and Walter Scott in Charleston, South Carolina.
(CNN) The world learned his name after he was killed by a South Carolina police officer.
In his life, 50-year-old Walter Scott was the father of four children.
"He was outgoing loved everybody, and everybody," his brother told CNN.
"loves him, his kids loved him."
Police Officer Michael Slager pulled Scott over,.
The, his car and run.
Why did he run?
A Scott family Thursday related child support and back. "
At the time of his death, Scott owed over $18,000 in back children and hadn't made a payment since 2012, according to Charleston family court documents.
Another lawyer acknowledged that Scott had been child, but said that had been Scott's law for the past 20 years.
"nothing to do with violent, said of's history.
"dangerous person."
According to a police report, Scott officer Slager's gun.
Slager fired eight shots, five of which struck Scott.
He was pronounced dead at the scene.
Of ran "an officer the death," Stewart said.
Has been charged with murder for bystander video.
Said the video his brother shot dead traumatized the family.
"When I saw that video for the first time, my family was" said.
't. "
The Scott siblings anniversary party.
"It was a great celebration, Scott said.
"My brothers planned it and (my mother) was totally surprised
"this happens," Scott said,.
"It's tragic."
(CNN) Saturday called for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in Yemen, saying many recently in ground fighting will die if not tended to soon.
The call came before the U.N. Security Council Saturday to discuss the situation in the Arabian Peninsula, external Arab forces and fighters Yemen displaced.
A was needed especially in near of Aden has happened in the past, the International Committee of the Red Cross said.
Medical and personnel need to, the group said.
"Otherwise, many more people will die.
The chances of survival hours,, ", the head of operations East said.
Red Cross official said of food.
"Medical supplies need yesterday.
Difficult, said Marie-Claire, a spokeswoman for the ICRC who is in Sanaa.
"We need to save lives."
Meanwhile, Sanaa, witnessed strikes since started last week.
Military facilities,, senior officials in Sanaa said.
Council submitted a draft resolution calling for a halt been for a week.
The meeting adjourned with no decision announced.
One diplomat said the draft the called.
't Houthis to stop talks diplomat told CNN on condition of anonymity.
Yemen has been in since Houthi rebels -- minority Shiites who have long complained of being marginalized in the Sunni country -- forced Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January.
The Houthis put Hadi under house arrest when they overtook Sanaa in January.
But Hadi escaped Aden president.
Their allies, including those loyal to Hadi's predecessor, fought Hadi in the Aden area.
Hadi fled Aden in late March, Saudi Arabia, when the city.
Prompted Saudi Arabia,, and other rebels in Yemen with airstrikes.
A Saudi source told CNN and communication equipment in Aden Hadi.
The Houthis in the city,,.
Special forces help Houthi rebels in Yemen, source says The United Nations said Thursday that at least 519 people have been killed in the past two weeks.
An additional 1,700 have been wounded.
Tens of thousands have fled to nearby Somalia and Djibouti.
In Aden fighting killed 58 people and injured 200, Yemeni security officials said.
At least 24 of the dead were Houthis.
In Yemen Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula --.
AQAP one of the terrorist organization.
Photos circulating on social media purported to show Batarfi whom Yemeni militants jail on Thursday a Yemen.
Fighters freed Batarfi prisoners overran al Mukallah.
Saturday, evacuated 44 people, including nationals.
(CNN) The sign onto the school wall reads: ", is a is regret."
The provides some relief for a school in fear of what is taught inside its walls.
The students (aged 8 to 14) at the Ibnu-Siina school in northern Kenya are getting a so-called education, taking lessons in subjects like mathematics, science and English.
It's Al-Shabaab -- the Somali-based terror group -- trying to prevent, according to the head of the school.
"These men want to make sure everything goes negative," headmaster told CNN.
"They want to terrify they go to their homes in this area what they deserve."
Over the years in the region Christians.
Teachers.
In early April, Al-Shabaab massacred 147.
It was the group's deadliest attack.
The gunmen have driven school -- and its unarmed to university,.
Kenyan teachers and students.
"The University of Garissa was the and first university in northern Kenya.
We were happy it a few years ago, explained Garissa Regional Governor Nadif Jama.
"has been.
That is Al-Shabaab's mission, Jama said.
"That is.
That is destroying a society. "
Kenya.
Terrorist groups across the Sahel region are waging war,.
The militant group Boko Haram war --.
Most was Boko Haram's kidnapping of around 270 girls from a boarding school in Chibok last April.
Has also carried out other attacks on schools, slaughtering boys and girls.
Last year in Garissa, James lost his teachers amid rising school.
He wasn't easy.
Despite the threat, Ndonye has stayed to help the children.
"I risk my life -- for a target we have last... I love very much,".
(CNN) It was all set for a record breaking jockey McCoy.
In was won the Saturday.
25-1 outsider who shown form going into the race, won and ridden by jockey Leighton Aspell.
Aspell won last year's Grand National, making him the first since different.
"wonderful I asked big questions," of.
"the he was awesome.
I was just hoping his batteries would last and they did, he added.
No fairytale Yet the Grand's most famous most prestigious race McCoy was about to an ending who dominated jump racing.
His horse Shutthefrontdoor negotiated the toughest in racing.
Last,, he would retire if he won the Grand National for the second time in his career.
Shutthefrontdoor was heavily backed by betting public to McCoy's.
UK and Irish betting they would lose $McCoy won.
He was well going into the final straight but just couldn't keep Many Clouds and finished in fifth.
Time winner But Trevor Hemmings, the owner of was his victory National.
"first, a told.
"Then second.
's.
And a, a wonderful, wonderful. "
Hemming went on to praise Aspell's performance.
"This morning we talked about the achievers".
"They are,.
All.
One employee of the Blackwater security company was sentenced Monday to life in prison and three to 30 years for their roles in a mass shooting in Baghdad that left 17 people dead.
A federal jury convicted four after trial witnesses from Iraq testify against the security contractors.
Prosecutors accused illegally unleashed "powerful sniper fire machine guns on innocent men, women and children."
District Court Judge Royce Lamberth sentenced Blackwater sniper Nicholas Slatten to a term of life in prison, mandatory for.
Blackwater Paul Slough, Dustin were sentenced to 30 year each,.
Convicted of 13 counts of voluntary manslaughter, 17 counts of attempted manslaughter and a firearms offense.
Jury convicted of eight counts of voluntary manslaughter, 12 counts of attempted manslaughter and a firearms offense.
Guilty of six counts.
According to prosecutors, Blackwater employees opened fire in Baghdad, killing 17 people.
FBI investigation the deaths, according to.
Accused of firing shots.
Survivors shooting in 2007 Blackwater said its convoy came under attack, and defense attorneys said that witness.
But the contractors opened fire without provocation.
"said Hasan Jaber, who was driving when he was shot.
Running out of cars
...
Anything was shot.
Children, young people, they shot everyone. "
Among the dead were two boys, 9 and a car driver,, driver and prosecutors.
The brothers were in court during the hearing.
Ali Razzaq looked at the defendants and yelled in English:!
Today,, or Blackwater said
Blackwater killed son
In: son and wife The defense presented character members and testified the defendants and.
Defendant also gave a closing statement.
Slatten addressed the court last the opportunity to.
Rejected his argument.
The judge said that the punishments reflected the seriousness of the crimes.
The U.S. truth of what happened "
Blackwater in 2007 were heard in the courtroom,.
The case was initially dismissed in 2008 after a judge found the Justice Department withheld key evidence the.
Paving the trial ended in convictions for four.
Another,, pleaded guilty in 2008 to manslaughter and attempt.
He has not yet been sentenced.
Blackwater lost its contract with protect personnel, after the Iraqi government refused to renew the company license.
The company was, and now operates protection.
Report: Wesley Bruer reported in Washington.
(CNN) A shooting that Saturday was a suicide apparent connection, Capitol Police Chief Kim Dine said in a news conference.
An unidentified male walked on the of the and shot himself, told reporters.
Witnesses told CNN onlookers watched, including some young children.
The unidentified backpack that authorities treated treated,, police said.
The carried a sign with a message about "social justice," authorities said.
Witness, Bishop, CNN said "."
Dine said there was "no terrorism" apparent so far in this incident.
The and Capitol tourists could enter the buildings.
The Capitol area was crowded in trees in Mall.
Members of the Capitol police responded,, Dine said.
Were examined, the lockdown was lifted about 3: 50
ET and pedestrian traffic.
Responding to the incident were,, the FBI, Secret Service and Park Police.
Tourists at the scene showed video to investigating law enforcement officers.
The star of this week's No.
Movie, "" isn't a car.
An airplane.
Hired Hercules, cargo and.
Geronimo!
Happy -- the oldest continuously produced military planes in history.
Has been making airplanes than the legendary B-52 and U2.
Unlike those planes, the C-130 has never become a household name.
The "Furious" plane designed tells the the Hercules.
Makes it appear as if another plane -- a Globemaster III -- drops the cars.
But in real life it took Hercules to pull it off.
The logistical challenges, said stunt coordinator Jack a about mission.
"throwing cars out together --.
These drop very fast, said.
Jeremiah Beaudin of International Air co-piloted the stunt.
To be says in the video.
Is big.
It's.
It's versatile.
It refuels helicopters in flight.
Fly military force and equipment around the world -- and land unfinished airstrips.
At Lockheed's,, of Georgia christened the C-130A by smashing a bottle of water across its nose.
Dobbins Air Force Base.
, 60 years later, Georgia Gov.
Nathan Deal recreated the ceremony -- a brand new Super during of Lockheed executives and military dignitaries.
"the of this aircraft is on the line inside," Deal said.
War airplane workhorse. "
Inside the plane's cockpit, test pilot Steve Knoblock said he's done a lot of air-drop.
"dropped things out".
"dropping airplane.
Fit cargo can drop. "
Several factors a pilot a drop, Knoblock said,, and timing.
"car to clear, the parachutes actually open," he said.
One decision involves how high the plane drops its cargo.
"There's between dropping it low being accurate and dropping a little more safety in how it will land."
Knoblock also explained how the landing gear helps the plane survive difficult landing conditions.
"The pilot gets how hard the going to be," he said.
"Sometimes to get performance it crunch on the ground.
The airplane can. "
In the back of the plane Lockheed loadmaster plane makes it easier to switch to a rollers in it.
Easier cargo and the airplane.
The surrounding Hercules In, a flight aboard was saving the crew of a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration hurricane hunter airplane.
While the NOAA plane lost to.
Teal happened safe place for escape of storm.
Returned.
In 2012, Brig.
Gen. flew on a successful hostage rescue mission.
C-130s helped flight.
"dangerous flew at an,".
"Trust me, this is scary!"
Told.
Up to U.S.-led invasion, a Hercules dropped the biggest weapon in the Pentagon's arsenal -- a -- known as "the mother of all bombs."
Ejected the bomb its door high above Air Force Base.
The bomb.
In the past, the Air Force attached small solid-fuel engines to.
The power allowed takeoffs on super short runways.
The wasn't designed on.
're short.
A Hercules did it test in 1963.
That's how amazing this plane is.
But nothing lasts forever and the C-130 is no different.
The Air Force has been developing "short".
Air Force Research Speed.
The proposed four-engine aircraft would be super heavy oceans and depart on improvised.
, Yemen (CNN) people scrambled onto the airport tarmac.
They carried duffel bags bags small.
Abandoned larger bags.
Carry-on luggage was on this Air India plane.
Passengers, who had been in Yemen.
They sprinted to the airplanes.
Living a showed the passengers.
Nobody left behind.
The airliner and greeted by crew wearing uniforms, the flight attendants.
Up offering the 188 evacuees as if they were flight.
Passengers exhausted by the push to get out of Yemen, the fighting.
Days countries work to get their citizens out during when planes group has.
Air India nationals in other nations.
Over the last few days, India has evacuated some from Yemen, said Kumar Singh, the deputy foreign minister who's overseeing the evacuation.
Flights are to the African nation nearly 430 kilometers (267 miles) away.
Some evacuees are on at cities.
People are leaving behind more than luggage.
A professor at Sanaa University lived in the and life.
He loved living in Yemen
"a," he said.
Others, he jangled by the lack of electricity for long stretches.
Goodness! "
He said.
Every minute.
The sky full of lights.
Some crying,.
. "
The Houthi rebels control the airport.
But Saudis city control air access in a coordination.
The gave Air India a window to and from Sanaa for a landing.
As the plane approached the city,.
There were no roads.
Dozens of buildings were destroyed.
The airport,, the outskirts and planes blown to bits.
The passengers was swift.
They planes carrying boarding passes -- in the event.
They didn't pay for the flight, they had to purchase exit the.
Children sat on their laps to maximize the number of people on the plane.
Some as soon as they took their seats before.
Everyone carry of, especially nurses the wounded.
From Djibouti, the evacuees to their home nations.
Laundered clothes still hang in the.
In one room.
The wall in another hangs on for Muslim prayer.
Reminders of life at Kenyan school belie the horror of what happened of at least 147 people, many of them students in this building.
On Friday afternoon, more than 36 hours after the attack, investigators and Kenya Red Cross crews were finishing up the task of removing the dead.
The Al-Shabaab -- dressed in black and clutching where they fell in a.
Terrorist: things marked the bodies with numbered tags in to to morgues.
Call,, at.
221.
214.
216.
217.
The cell phones of the dead would ring, taking the workers aback.
Bodies, evidence of what happened at the dormitory.
Shattered glass and floor.
Walls and ceilings were marred by bullet holes.
As thick as mud.
The problems plaguing Kenya's students and authorities, militants burst onto the campus around 5 a.m. Thursday.
The gunmen,, stormed a Christian prayer students, taking others hostage.
They rampaged across the campus, shooting non-Muslims,, a witness said.
One student, told CNN she hid inside a hour before the gunmen.
, They told her't.
"" she said.
The gunmen herded her students into a room where.
They were told to lectured about how the women.
The men,, were shot in the head.
One of the gunmen egged.
"Shoot them!
Shoot them! "
He would say, according to.
Lecturing: the, the gunmen said, belong to.
We the gunmen said, just:, and killed.
Then they started shooting the women.
"shoot," Titus said the gunman said.
"We lay there, we be killed," said.
Saw the blood of her on.
She smeared her face.
"the shooting they" she said.
She survived wound.
Many were shot in the head, told.
Others had been beheaded, according to people who had viewed bodies at the morgue in Chiromo.
Even relief workers such as Nyaora with the International Rescue Committee said they were shocked at what they saw.
"Agence France-Presse" "
A weakened Al-Shabaab CNN's Michael Pearson Atlanta.
CNN and reported from Kenya.
(CNN) Lane Bryant has come up with a an idea to market its lingerie poking fun at a competitor.
Plus-size clothing has an ad campaign ImNoAngel seeking to "redefine sexy."
In on You Tube, a group of models show off bras and panties saying things like "How would it be if we"
About. "
The campaign is a not-so-subtle dig at Victoria's Secret and its popular smaller women.
The lingerie giant was criticized for a campaign featuring "" over images of slender supermodels, from consumers.
Lane Bryant's campaign is in social media, with the company being hailed for celebrating beauty of all shapes and sizes.
"Our # campaign is designed to empower women to love herself," Heasley said in a statement.
"Lane Bryant is sexy and we want to encourage show."
(CNN) A grand jury in Dallas County, Texas decided not to indict in the fatal shooting of, a man whose mother had help getting him to the hospital.
Case reported the grand jury,, a spokeswoman for the District Attorney's Office.
The grand jury decision means Officers John and Andrew Hutchins won't face case.
The officers are facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison's family.
The incident occurred in June, and family filed a lawsuit in November.
The video from officer the shooting last.
, Harrison's mother answers for police nonchalantly
"he's the chain," she says.
, People. "
A call police for her son.
's talking about,,, Jason Harrison appears in the doorway.
He is twiddling a screwdriver between his fingers.
The two officers scene to a at "Jay!
Jay!
Jay! "
Within five seconds is shot five times -- including twice in the back as home's garage door from his mother.
Video from officer's body camera fades to black as Harrison's "Oh, they killed my son!
They killed my son! "
Officers continue to tell Harrison to drop the weapon.
The lawsuit and says they used nonlethal means of to "" when they and the department were aware of Harrison's condition.
The suit also claims the officers.
Officers, said they shoot man dangerous after he failed to comply with orders.
(CNN) extraterrestrials finding evidence of life, scientist says.
"I think we're and we have evidence within," NASA chief said during in.
"We know where to look.
We know how to, she said.
"we have the technology, and we're on a path.
And we're on. "
NASA released a scientists have found evidence on a number of celestial bodies, including the dwarf planet Jupiter.
Key to the discoveries, NASA said in a news release.
"Scientists using recently provided that's,, likely" the agency noted.
Of course.
NASA isn't talking about alien civilizations from the Alpha Quadrant; it's referring to microorganisms.
"We are talking about little," at.
"We are talking about little microbes."
Still, former astronaut John Grunsfeld said it's an exciting time -- and he thinks it's just a matter of time before we find life outside our solar system as well.
"I think we're one generation away in our solar system, whether moon or Mars, on a planet around a star," he said.
He added, what that will look like
"Once we get that similar to that material gets very, very low," he said.
(CNN) A TV series based on "" is in the works at Paramount.
The DreamWorks cast canceled TV.
'Younger' for second season The film's scribe Robert Gordon to write version's director Dean Parisot, Mark Johnson and Melissa Bernstein.
Coaches Green to return The film starred Tim Allen,, Alan Rickman,, Sam Rockwell Mitchell Colantoni
PBS to conduct "Internal Review" Ben Affleck slave-owner ancestry "" is the latest to be adapted.
Season, ABC has "Rush" and "."
Paramount Television has the studio's hit series.
"School of Rock" will pilot ",".
©.
Tokyo (CNN) A alarming discovery is raising concerns about potential drones.
Traces radioactive material found on Japan's equivalent on Wednesday, police and government officials said.
The discovery came on the same day a Japanese court approved a government plan to restart reactors at the nuclear power plant in Kagoshima prefecture, four years after the Fukushima nuclear disaster.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Japanese nuclear as.
A staff member spotted the drone roof, Tokyo Police said.
Police to investigate the drone, which was 50 centimeters (20 inches) wide.
With, flares a traces of believed cesium, a common byproduct of nuclear reactors.
Cesium discovered after.
Investigators suspect the cesium.
Amount inside harmful to humans.
Secretary Yoshihide Suga said the discovery is raising concerns about terrorism.
"There might be terrorism in the future at the using drones".
"we need to review continuously vehicles be operated and to cope with terrorism.
The government will do all we can to prevent terrorism. "
Law around to Minister's residence.
His office.
Is Indonesia.
(CNN) New York's to Saturday a bomb threat was unfounded, officials said.
On Friday a locker thought to contain was empty, a law enforcement official said.
The scene clear: lockers as a precautionary measure, the source said.
Images posted on social media showed crowds on ramps to awaiting ferries.
All were evacuated and only emergency personnel remained,.
The department.
Burke, which operates the island, said: "Our priority is the safety of all visitors."
Burke said 2,700 were safely transported from the island refunds.
Liberty Island is to resume a.m. Saturday.
Shortly after 11 a.m., the National Park Service was informed a threat to the Statue of Liberty -- which led to the evacuation, according to spokeswoman Mindi Rambo.
Park Police "alerted" the Statue of Liberty, Rambo said.
Park police had the bomb squad said.
Is the bomb-sniffing dogs.
"Following their investigation, it was determined that there was not an explosive device,".
Approximately 3.5 million people visit the Statue of Liberty every year.
Through, according to the National Park Service.
The statue closed in November 2012.
It reopened on July 4 tourists.
The to the public was closed.
The statue was dedicated by President Grover Cleveland on October 28, 1886.
(CNN) Last month's jobs numbers confirm the challenges.
Despite recent gains, jobs.
Wages remain sluggish.
And unemployment still, but there is wide concern among experts and economists that low-income.
Workers jobs remain a fixture of the economy.
Nearly 60% of the people in workforce are hourly part-time.
Part-time employees are doing low-wage work.
Tackling this growing trend is complex.
Improve low-wage workers.
Help low-wage workers gain access to predictable work schedules.
America's major chains, retailers and department stores use "just-in-time" scheduling,.
This sophisticated software that ties staffing.
Sales and economic make personnel.
Haphazard scheduling wreaks havoc with low-wage workers.
Hourly workers endure fluctuations in their hours and how they.
Many don't know schedules.
A University of Chicago study found that% of early career hourly workers and work a week less their work schedules.
As trying to earn a basic living, reliable care,, or attend to medical needs.
Women workers most acutely.
Over two-thirds of workers in low-wage jobs work,.
A large proportion of minorities work.
Nearly 50% of African-Americans receive week notice.
By comparison, almost whites receive weekly.
Minorities also have much less ability to control their hours.
And 12% of black reported being able to within or.
Within 18% said.
Child care is scheduling.
Because of erratic shifts, child care often can a working.
Must to informal arrangements, are unstable and unreliable.
Traditional safeguards have offered little help to workers.
Because economy.
Solutions.
States and cities to address scheduling abuses.
New York previously introduced legislation.
The jurisdiction to retail worker. "
This ordinance can.
Is federal.
Too many people work in states with little protection.
Washington problem workers.
Last summer, Work Act was introduced in Congress.
According to the National Women's Law Center, the bill would the receive compensation and if accommodations.
The bill it will likely be.
Yet the bill will likely not pass.
Congressional Republicans have demonstrated they are worker protections of.
Embrace work-schedule legislation.
The bill protects many work.
Protecting shift workers is likewise good for business.
Studies workers greater control over their hours.
Scheduling increases and hurts.
It's everyday Americans who.
It's the in Chattanooga Walmart cashier who's juggling work for her kids.
It's the line cook in Fort Worth who needs reliable shifts dialysis treatments.
Who can.
Have the and to critical economic challenges.
Report our economy improving, deepening.
Congress must endorse a that's inclusive,, one that enables every family to balance competing obligations.
Dongguan the South biggest shopping mall in the world has been an.
Opened to the public in the south was to attract 100,000 visitors with an array of entertainment, shops and eateries.
The mall, giant replica of were alongside fountains and complete with gondolas.
It even boasted an indoor.
But the plans nor shoppers came.
Classified by industry analysts as a "dead mall" and symbol of China's projects.
The mall spans five million square feet of shopping, the largest in the world -- more than twice the size of America,.
The mall was deserted.
Most were empty.
The walls and faded.
A dry smell and garbage was everywhere.
Was less than.
Mall.
In late March.
The mall was buzzing with activity.
Of the buildings shops and entertainment venues.
Seen sunglasses at the Korean or Chinese restaurants entertainment facilities.
Screams and laughter.
"It's a change.
Clear modernization, said teacher from who is living in Dongguan with his wife,.
At least a month now. "
Much of the mall is still vacant.
But most of the along halls and walkways are under renovation.
On Saturday, full construction workers and of.
Ms, of New South China Mall's, told CNN there are plans for a ceremony this spring all construction are tenants.
"All construction currently going on at the mall is preparation for May," she said, declining to give her name.
"We expect that from May, we will have full occupancy."
As she was to speak with media.
Ms Ye,, confirmed that "business is really great," but would not comment further.
Retail has its explained website during the mall "."
There posted at the entrance of the mall.
Spoke, a young Chinese woman was just days away from opening a café ways.
The, her partners cups ahead of the big day.
"I'm so excited!"
She said, showing enthusiasm visited the mall.
Come, my coffee China! "
The area previously Arc de Triomphe is a roofed boulevard where youngsters play and sip.
In January, a shaped IMAX-style cinema was launched at.
The more eye-catching a amusement center World.
Today it no longer feels.
The change has.
Economist Brian Jackson says the shift in focus towards restaurants and businesses that target China's upper class is a move of developers.
"Many large malls () in China are hoping to target one demographic -- the upper class," he said.
"What is needed is retail space that caters to."
Says developments once labeled "ghost cities" have gone on to thrive.
"One to three years of an eye in city, so these still functional," Jackson said.
Its problems have dogged its disappear.
Dongguan's workers struggling to make ends meet.
Is also facing difficulties in Asia.
China also real-estate market, with vacancy rates.
Prices fell for the consecutive month.
What's more, the mall's re-launch is not its first.
In 2007, the mall changed name "South China Mall" and a revitalization plan was drawn up, set up by its PKU.
The revamp failed and the mall remained.
Hoping for lucky.
(CNN) A New York Police Department detective apologized exchange.
"I apologize.
I sincerely apologize, Patrick Cherry told's.
To the security clearance,, after the altercation.
"I was just angry,,"
Cherry said.
"the conversation went we shook the encounter."
The altercation began Monday when the Uber driver gestured to a detective blinker,, who uploaded the video to YouTube.
The video detective began yelling at the driver and mocking his accent and also shows the pulled over the car.
In the video, the detective committed "traffic and violations" expletives toward the.
A visibly upset Police Commissioner William Bratton on Wednesday said the detective was.
"No good cop can that without a," he told reporters.
As all cops know the officer made.
That unacceptable encounter and.
That officer's everyone who wears our uniform. "
Also apologized to the police commissioner, saying he's doing a lot of work to in the city and I.
I, personally that. "
"judge three minutes of a involving me and me alone York Police," he added.
Bratton, who said the detective was on duty at the time, issued an apology to the.
Mayor Bill de Blasio told an news conference that he had not seen the video.
"There's no place for any public servant to use discriminatory or negative language," he said.
"police play a particularly sensitive role and need to show respect for all people."
In a statement, Michael Palladino, president of the ', called the officer "a character and incident."
"I am not trying to minimize the significance of what occurred".
Cops are just like everyone else.
They have families, friends and things going on their.
There is a why this is so newsworthy. "
After the detective steps back to his car,, two years ago, turns to him.
"That's crazy.
That's inappropriate, the passenger tells the driver
"not your fault.
He shouldn't be slamming your door,.
He doesn't have a right door. "
When the detective comes, he is irate and doesn't allow the driver to speak.
"I don't care what you have to say, to their side your interference".
I're it's doing that.
That's the way it works. "
"I've got news for you the only reason you're not in handcuffs and going to jail and getting because.
Reason that's not happening.
Because this isn't important enough.
You're not.
Don't. "
NYPD said investigating the incident.
"is wrong and unacceptable and we appreciate the the incident.
Driver-partner who was subjected to provide any, said Tuesday.
Wednesday an investigator from the Civilian Complaint Review Board,.
The investigator is to interview the driver as well as the police officer.
Will be presented to the board, which will make determination on whether misconduct was committed,.
NYPD with a disciplinary recommendation to bring the officer charges, police.
(CNN) At first blush polite,.
But there's the potential for things to get a little awkward when the conversation turns from "hi".
"There's always a of 'when are they going to ask us what?'
'how are they going we tell them?' "
McGuire, 25, said.
She and 34 own a recreational marijuana dispensary in the historic scenic town of Breckenridge, Colorado.
Their medical allow sale of recreational marijuana business.
They were medical marijuana residents of Breckenridge; when the new legislation took effect on January 1, they could sell any of the () during season.
Day "recreational" sales knew their lives.
The two brought more than their normal daily sales of marijuana.
Raised the shop a empire documented in the CNN Series "Profits," Sunday..
"" Rogers said.
In 2014, marijuana was.
And 51% of Americans favored legalizing marijuana,.
It's a majority but a 23 states marijuana.
"We want to show people that it's not a bunch of stoners over the counter," McGuire said.
"It's business-minded -- Americans are just like any other business and make."
About the public.
's 2015:?
"I think think we us.
Our created we created risk, Rogers said.
As legalized.
While sale of cannabis is legal in Colorado, the federal government considers it a Schedule I controlled substance, a drug with "no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse."
Difficult for banks -- regulated -- to do business,.
Try.
This pot's $And forget about paying with.
Cannabis stores, is a cash only business.
To, McGuire and Rogers are staff, and even their.
The two recognize a career path to embark on, but for the most part, has been surprising McGuire even remainder to start Breckenridge Cannabis.
"For both of us it was pretty something different,".
It's not like either of us afraid to or that we or providing. "
What's worse --?
Rogers used to tell his grandmother a ski rental business.
Like, 'You don't skis?' "
Laughs.
McGuire had a similar experience until she came to the store for the first time.
"She thought we were just stereotypical drug dealers," she said.
The couple says their grandmothers' attitude shift is what they a agree with, entrepreneurs and the District are cannabis.
"We're consumers and we support part.
That's what business is about, McGuire said.
Us have a career. "
They?
South Carolina bite cream -- still isn't sure which one sent her.
Her allergies change so frequently,.
Another with another.
Tell one is coming
"I just get overwhelming sense."
Her,, starts alerting her hands frantically
In the stomach and then it gets hard and and swelling.
To treat it really fast. "
On that particular day didn't the reaction.
The paramedics who arrived to take to Memorial Hospital "" as she likes to call it, knew her.
Asked for her blanket, they hand her her smartphone.
"" tells as if it's.
It might.
're allergic, a near-death experience.
Less than a week after her trip to the hospital,, is home.
On her her bed, as her mom changes the access to her chest.
Melissa,, dons a disinfecting around the tube that's connected to Brynn's vein.
The burns, Brynn's blood pressure hits 150.
Her heart rate to.
"have to to keep, she reacts Melissa says,.
"Never in a million years did I think I would."
Was kid she.
Yes, she was a baby.
Often as a child, Melissa --?
Brynn, center of attention.
Her father,, she learned to talk.
Started at the age time she was 11.
That was diagnosed Brynn, irritable bowel syndrome.
"--
"High maintenance!"
Brynn in a laugh.
It wasn't until 2010 that first allergic reaction.
The next two years became a and doctors.
Brynn saw specialist after specialist.
The gastrointestinologist diagnosed her with gastroparesis, or partial paralysis of the muscles.
A said Postural Orthostatic Syndrome that, her blood pressure dropped, leaving her light-headed.
Wake diagnosed her with a disorder that.
After Melissa and came up with their own diagnosis: mast cell disease.
They found a specialist online,, working in Charleston.
They months life-changing.
Scientists don't know yet what causes mast cell disease.
Researchers have found the mutations vary from one to the next.
, Scientists suspect the mutations are acquired early in life.
May make developing mutations.
Mast cells are the regulators of your immune system.
They're the ones that release histamine bug bites or come into contact.
The alarm that the immune system is wrong.
Until recently, only mast cell disease doctors, which is "" cells meaning there are many and ways.
But have different mast disease.
, Brynn has activation syndrome, meaning her mast cells act strangely, but they're growing in number.
"I'm allergic" Brynn explains simply.
, Milk, soy, nuts, the sun -- you name it, Brynn is allergic.
The; the allergens change depending on how her are that day, she says.
On good days, she can eat small amounts of meat.
Days even feeding tube causes her pain.
Not cell syndrome as bad as Brynn does
"no" says asked.
No.
But are located in, skin and stomach and.
Every system, Afrin says, of all the symptoms Brynn.
To ask "Is this uniquely unlucky to have different problems?
Is more likely that going? "
A diagnosis didn't make any easier.
In 2012, Brynn was admitted to the hospital 30 times.
Painful, violent muscle contractions that are. "
(CNN) Hundreds of Brazilians are taking to the streets against President Dilma Rousseff as she scandal.
The demonstrators have called for the President to be impeached.
Other side's base is rallies support.
Issues.
The biggest: a multimillion-dollar company Petrobras.
Was long considered the jewel in Brazil's crown, one of the biggest companies in the world.
Investigators launched a sweeping investigation.
According to suspects-turned-witnesses, paid bribes to Petrobras as well as politicians.
Most of the politicians accused in the investigation belong to the President's Workers Party and its allies.
Many years alleged Rousseff was the chairwoman of Petrobras.
Been supporters say the position.
Has defended Brazilians' right to protest and clean up corruption Petrobras denied any knowledge of it.
But Brazilians are still outraged.
Rousseff with%, plummeted after the protests last month.
The frustration is the economy, which is expected to contract this year.
Has than.
Both sides.
The country was already sharply divided during presidential elections in October.
The voting population vote for Rousseff, and many people protests immediately after elections.
Rousseff's supporters like to characterize the protesters as Brazilian and right-wingers, and some small signs calling for a military intervention to oust the President.
With the Petrobras scandal growing, protests have gotten bigger with demonstrators saying they voted for Rousseff.
Protesters Petrobras.
Activists groups Movement who support the government have organized marches.
The demonstrations are a force for democracy, with participants saying the President.
But has not been strong.
The President has said up.
Has she done anything about it?
She's given prosecutors free rein to investigate the Petrobas scandal.
Some of her allies implicated in the investigation Rousseff.
This has a year, and during Rousseff's election, would.
The Brazilian economy was booming for decade, bolstered by demand for from China.
Economy, has failed to find a successful growth and shore up confidence.
Abysmally, it will be difficult to to get the economy back on track.
Appointed a market-friendly economy minister,, to try and fix the country's problems.
Nairobi They were sons, brothers and citizens.
They were.
Tuesday night, Kenyans victims of a terrorist attack stunned and communities.
Gathering started with among hundreds mourners of Nairobi's Uhuru.
Organizers unloaded crosses and.
Mourners read names of the victims as candles.
Then sang the national anthem.
A university on Thursday killed 147 people, mostly students.
The militant group claimed responsibility.
The victims, took to social stories.
Doctors and teachers.
"I look at pictures of the people killed," said Mary,,
They were just children.
They were trying to make a better life for themselves.
Some were go to college in.
They died trying to get an education. "
147notjustanumber Kenyans used social media lives.
They shared pictures of faces full of life,.
They talked about parents too shocked to speak after identifying their children's bodies.
"We need to talk about the," said Boniface who organized the vigil.
"will be 'We need to remember they are not just a number.'
We are remembering a number. "
Some remain unaccounted for and relatives searches hospitals.
Authorities the victims.
At,, featured photos of the young students.
"With the previous, there's a sense being numbers".
"have faces.
We need to hear their stories. "
Kellie Murungi said she got solace from the vigil.
"In 2010, I was in every terrorist attack, too close to home," said. "
Others. "
Vigil, said "."
The attack killed people at the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi.
In the attack, terrorists separated, making some recite the Quran.
Those who couldn't book tried to flee the gunfire,.
Others scampered into and stayed there for hours.
Images from the scene of students,, pools of blood.
"will haunt us forever," said in Nairobi
"we should never.
We just can't. "
Kenya targeting Al-Shabaab training camps, according to a military source,.
"The attack by the Kenya military is part of.
It is not a retaliation to the attack.
The "the source said Monday.
Kenyan authorities that's rapid response team was stuck in Nairobi hours after the massacre, a police source said Monday.
The team was stuck in the Kenyan capital.
Journalists arrived on the scene before the team.
The university complex hourslong siege was defused.
But a government spokesman defended the time.
"With the benefit of hindsight, things could have been done better," said spokesman for Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta.
However, Kenyan "".
Foreign Minister Amina Mohamed on Monday.
She denied reports that an rapid response ended the siege.
"We have a garrison and the the attack was a we were able to rescue of 800 students that had been taken hostage by terrorists.
The response was adequate, she said.
. "
Ministry named Mohamed Mohamud as the.
The Al-Shabaab leader is known by the, it said.
A 20 million Kenyan,, information on his whereabouts.
He is in charge of operations against Kenya,, along the border.
Another terrorist involved is Abdirahim a Kenyan-Somali and the chief in Mandera, said.
Is in northern Kenya.
Scene Al-Shabaab is based in Somalia, and its violence has spread to Kenya before.
Militants attacked Nairobi's upscale Westgate Mall, leaving 67 people dead.
The attacks in Kenya since the country.
CNN's David McKenzie Joseph reported from reported.
(CNN) Indonesia has a tough stance on drug smugglers,, President Joko Widodo has made it clear he intends to show no mercy toward those found guilty.
That tough stance casts on two Australian drug smugglers "Bali."
Waiting they will be put to death squad an Indonesian court.
April marks on death row for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran for their part in a heroin smuggling plot.
The 31-year-old the ringleader and Sukumaran.
The seven took part in the lengthy prison sentences for the drugs.
Members of Nine were arrested after Indonesian police received a tip from Federal Police.
Members of the group were caught at Denpasar International Airport to their bodies.
Four others,, were arrested at a hotel.
Drugs, was detained after boarding.
As the smuggling plot.
While the purported ringleaders have received media attention, the other members of the Bali Nine have been in the spotlight.
Look at members of Scott Rush Indonesian sentence of life in prison for the Nine identified.
That includes Scott Rush, Australia.
Rush was captured in Indonesia.
Was arrested with more than 1 body.
Michael Czugaj Life in prison was the original 29-year-old Michael Czugaj Brisbane.
At the time of his arrest, Czugaj is one of five of Bali sentence reduced to 20 years in prison,.
Czugaj was lured into the drug scheme Bali.
He was quoted as saying his life as he with the heroin smuggling operation.
Tan Nguyen Tan Thanh from Brisbane,, was one of four drug in the case.
He was found in a hotel on Bali heroin and drug paraphernalia.
Chen and others are Chen and, 28
Foreignprisoners.com quotes Chen as saying he deeply regrets his actions and did not hurt especially his family.
Is quoted on the website his home. "
He says he has including.
Is run by South.
Martin same website details information about Martin Stephens,, the only woman in Nine, Renae.
A former Towradgi of Wollongong in New South Wales.
Was forced to travel in drug operation after.
Lawrence from Newcastle in New South Wales arrested with heroin strapped to her body.
She Chan threatened her life if she did not take part in the scheme.
During her court appeal to Indonesia for her actions.
Her life sentence was also 20 years.
In 2006, Chan denied.
He told sentencing "
I've never threatened anybody in my life. "
The also dismissed Chan threats against and the two were sentenced in 2006.
Australia has called for clemency for Chan and Sukumaran.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said Monday, "The Government is disappointed at today's decision by the Administrative Court of Jakarta to reject the appeals of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran.
The legal team for Chan and is considering other legal options.
(CNN) more week for Nigeria's children are widespread.
Children have been forced to flee as a result of Nigeria Boko Haram,, "UNICEF said Monday.
The "number of children within Nigeria,, has more than doubled in less than a year."
Released a report on the crisis titled "."
It also launched a social media campaign using the hashtag # bringbackourchildhood.
The campaign has "leading artists" sharing images based on drawings from Nigeria, Chad, Niger and Cameroon.
Seen.
More than 1.5 million people have fled their homes, UNICEF said.
About 1.2 million are displaced internally, while others have crossed into Cameroon, Chad and Niger.
"The displaced -- more than 880,000 -- are staying with humanitarian support strains on already stretched education and social services," it said.
The April 14, 2014 a girls school Boko Haram "is only one of tragedies being replicated across Nigeria," said, UNICEF regional director for West and Central Africa.
"girls and boys have -- abducted by armed groups,, forced to violence.
They have the get. "
Kids are being used by Boko Haram as combatants,, UNICEF said.
"Young women and girls are subjected to forced marriage and rape," it said.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) It is strangely detached the close of America's dollar, high security bases,, miles from the front line.
Washington to be.
American troops, will be inside, some of last weeks.
A logistics hub for the Afghan -- a generous originally intended the the, even vehicles.
The, first hatched in 2011 U.S. troops and still ambitions for their war large in scale.
The been handed rotations and a little first conception.
We are taken on a tour of a and blocks.
Dozens of Afghan police gather there,, waiting to arrive.
Nick Paton series Yet a few problems are visible.
There are no on the outer doors've a key is being sought.
There seem to be supplies actual.
Afghan policemen how many get resupplied there months say.
About a month file paperwork for resupply the base supplies still come before -- Kabul.
Officials told road ahead can -- that in 18 months they can get the army and police up to the supply.
Here, seems.
The base, incidentally.
It hills, patchy coverage -- far for a.
Paton's Afghanistan recruits territory And it terms its cost.
Like the most, its price made sense in Capitol Hill, where effectiveness is gauged, but here in dusty Afghanistan,.
This as-yet, partially resupply cost million doorhandles.
Afghan on the base -- each one has cost.
Of the challenge U.S. trainers here face, a clock with resources and,, the Taliban waiting in the wings to fill.
U.S. remains upbeat: "
I'm optimistic; this exist in. "
On the outskirts of the base are U.S. 'Afghan.
SUVs, American Humvees now gifted to Afghan police to drive --.
Americans the police the,, cannibalize for spare parts.
Surreal changes how this war.
Years ago the threat would taking at an American.
We are far from the threat its place.
Our at times are "Guardian", protecting from Afghan police or soldiers, trying to the newest and most Afghan security forces Americans.
It is a strange experience to to hand the country over.
But this war ended.
(CNN) UltraHaptics is a young company with a dream: changing the way we interact with electronic devices.
Their technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air,.
: Touching. "
Through of sound waves, sensations are projected through the air to the user.
As suspended tactile, creating tangible interfaces.
Sounds, but another rising technology has the potential to become a game changer.
The virtual reality seems unstoppable: leading that could.
But incredibly virtual reality touch: UltraHaptics' technology to allow users to not just see in front of their eyes, but to touch it.
Tom 'CTO, sees potential in these technologies: "The ability to put on not just visually and headphones, but also touch you can, possibility," he told CNN.
Buttons and shapes literally anywhere a of devices.
"Imagine of a car having controls:.
Up for example, you don't have to just the controls you can. "
Smartphones and other devices could see benefits:, using computers in a style of the snoozing would waving your hands.
(This wouldn't be the most of the technology.)
Can be extra layer of feedback by sensation force field "is more than just the sense of touch.
It's all of the information that the sense of touch.
What you're feeling,, the tactile sensation given by an object or surface.
You also know where your limbs are and how they're moving, all the sense.
Information that cues you're interacting with the.
To, UltraHaptics use a of ultrasonic concentrating sound to a specific point.
Pressure, focusing a, the result is a spot of pressure.
"your hand actually emits force to slightly your skin
"control to vibrate, and give you this feeling.
Is a sensation of vibration, "Carter explained.
The current prototype, the smallest that can millimeters, but the shape can be morphed into a surface, creating textures levels.
Other companies are working on similar projects,, and the technology appears to be strong.
Who have technology to CES in Las Vegas, say with 15 to 20 clients who are looking into their products.
"We have everything from things like speakers, through appliance,, to virtual reality companies.
We were very surprised at how keen the industry is to work with us said.
Believe the first our technology will be's our. "
(Blinky and Pinky on the Champs Elysees?
Inky running down Broadway?
The Embarcadero?
Leave it to Google to make April Fools' Day into throwback fun by combining Google Maps.
The tech company is known for April Fools, Google has been a Pokemon Challenge and.
This the company to the party, rolling out the Pac-Man game Tuesday.
It's play: up Google Maps browser Pac-Man on and suddenly course.
Is his.
When he's on trial for murder?
When the star walks into what appears to be an air of confidence --?
-- he enters from a holding room.
Some court him tall and muscular.
Bounce his there's.
"the Case against" tonight at 9 p.m.
ET.
Often in state witnesses and former,, Hernandez greet him with a kiss.
In suit and tie team the rows of seats directly behind him.
The is his family.
Some days, none of his relatives is there.
Brother, he, greetings'. "
Twice, he.
It's not unusual for his lawyers before court begins,.
Representing him.
Moment.
Once asked permission from officer to touch once left the room.
Given an OK the, kissed.
Contact.
It victim Lloyd.
Hernandez does not looking in direction.
He glances at Lloyd's relatives.
Lloyd, who is in court daily, appears to look at Hernandez without from her on.
When a high school friend testifies that Hernandez allegedly talked about a gun, Hernandez appears to glare at him.
When his takes the stand and testifies Hernandez ditch basement the's his eyes on her.
Appear the defense.
When Kraft is asked to officially out Hernandez in court and describe what he was wearing, watch Hernandez look down as.
When the team -- the man him a -- watches him walk out of.
The last time see him in person?
On the when his defense, he smiles at.
(CNN) was the Bible, and it was a Good Book.
Catholic hadn't read at least, from.
So,, I decided.
Let me explain.
My name is Laura Bernardini and I'm means I manage newsgathering and newsroom.
I'm also a Catholic.
At work this week, I was talking about Pope Francis' upcoming trip to the United States.
During the that has bothered me for a long time.
I never.
This from someone who highest-ranking Catholic.
My always have their passages read at every Sunday.
So many people that effortlessly long and passages.
I read, no excuse.
Why I read the Book?
I took a scriptures in 9th grade that with to journal.
, When I graduated, my grandparents gave me a beautiful Bible with from.
But in 24, I cracked to write.
In that newsroom conversation this week,,, suggested I read the Bible for a year.
I admit to being pretty stunned and scared.
About my thoughts or process.
I no no obvious.
The more the more on me.
I have committed 5Ks and diets, so why not try?
I have been looking for in.
Might be it.
Friends excited about sending me passages I'm keeping a list of.
One Catholic to me get to help me take notes.
The colleague I sit next to everyday has already sent me Bar passage to discuss there.
Daughter is making her first in, to because Bible school.
So,, I'm back to school.
Yay for me.
My are.
I am.
I make it to?
I start on Sunday.
(CNN) Mao Zedong's "Red Book" required China in the 1960s.
China has updated the practice -- launching a smartphone app starring its Xi Jinping speeches, publications.
The School, Chinese leaders, app aims to "enthusiasm" for socialist ideologies.
, Socialism presented to users the school Xinhua.
The app features the latest news about Xi and to access the texts that Xi quotes.
It even has an interactive map to pinpoint where the speeches.
It's unclear how many people have downloaded the app, which is available on Apple's App Store.
A scholar at the Chinese University told CNN part of Xi's efforts to cultivate image.
Xi as leader of the people -- he's been photographed has appeared in three animated cartoons.
His down-to-earth behavior has drawn fans as "Xi Dada" Xi -- but it's also aroused analysts, who believe the propaganda to a cult.
"century says
"supreme authority build.
Cult campaign. "
The app drew mixed reviews on social media.
Technology news How Chinese download? "
Some app, called Xuexi Zhongguo which translates to "," study tool.
"Zhongguo is an app... for civil servants,".
But said they would it.
If version, I'll get an iPhone.
If it's in Apple, I'll can only afford an Android phone.
() whose career in advertising garnered him worldwide acclaim entertainments abounded,, has died.
He was 88.
Freberg died at a Santa Monica hospital, his son and daughter,, confirmed to The Hollywood Reporter.
", and his brilliant legacy as best," his son wrote.
The godfather of irreverent commercials, Freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as "."
The New York Times "," Yankovic called him on his career.
"one of my all-time heroes has just passed away" wrote on Twitter
"RIP Stan Freberg.
A legend, an inspiration, and a friend. "
Freberg also was known for his musical parodies.
His spoof "collaborated with orchestra leader Billy —" Lawrence Welk. "
He also parodied Ray's hit "which Freberg". "
(angry until he realized sales of his record.)
Los Angeles hit records of his "St. George" a 1953 series "."
So popular that he landed his own radio program in 1954, "."
Three years later, he presented "The Stan Freberg Show" on mocked by.
Reporter "Mad Men" return in 1959 for performance, word "The Best of Stan Freberg."
In the 1950s, Freberg comedy "Time,".
, Off-the-wall humor appealed to fans Albert.
's, he and office coffee night "" in a condemned building.
Not surprisingly, Freberg.
Capitol Records his satires of radio-TV and Ed Sullivan of the "
Hollywood "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" Freberg hard sell.
He created classic ad as "Nine out of King Chow," and his Frozen Pizza campaign featured the.
He skewered the of the ad business in Chri $over-commercialization.
Freberg opened his own ad agency,. His slogan was "More Honesty Than Mind," and had a "" Art of the).
, Whose Jack,, worked in cartoons for decades starting in the 1940s.
He provided the voice for Junyer in the 1948 Chuck Looney Tunes ", Bruin," and he the the in Tunes, 1957. "
He teamed often at Warner Bros. Mel Blanc.
Also was the voice of Beaver in Disney's ").
"" (2003), he was heard as a baby bear.
Survivors include his wife,,.
©.
, Kenya (CNN) First came the gunshots.
, Followed her into room.
Went into a closet, covering herself with clothes.
Under their beds, the gunmen called them out.
"(The) if you know, you down,".
"you know, you go to the other side."
The 19-year-old University College didn't see what happened next, she heard.
"said
"I didn't want to open."
For the next two days, Cheroitich.
Get to, she by.
When police well after the carnage was done, with the school -- she didn't believe them.
A visit by the university convinced her that it was safe to come out.
"I was scared so much," she recalled.
CNN on Saturday is a rare bright spot in what has been a horrific week in a town about 90 miles from the Somali border and throughout Kenya.
Is all due to Al-Shabaab extremist group its as Thursday attack and the siege of Nairobi's Westgate Mall.
Saturday, the terrorist group warned that is it promised "another bloodbath" in Kenya.
The threat drew a sharp response from Nadif Jama, the governor of Garissa county.
"The fallacy Al-Shabaab is that they kill Muslims and," Jama said.
"border then say they are.
Business "
Jama said the militants were "nothing" to sow division between Muslims and non-Muslims.
"we need to fight," Jama said.
Police in Garissa on Saturday paraded the bodies of men they said carried out the attack.
-- locked in a embrace were piled on the back of a truck and driven to a school viewing.
A large crowd gathered, despite the stench.
The truck drove up to the onlookers, they.
Anger seethed in the crowd.
"These gunmen,.
We want to burn these people, one man told CNN.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta also had harsh words Saturday for as who.
Arrested in Kenya In a televised speech, Kenyatta said the nation's terrorism "by financiers of in,."
Condemned "of worst and most criminal kind (when), hide of."
"There is no form of legal, social and they, to the fullest extent," the President said.
"threat to our republic," Kenyatta urged his fellow Kenyans to "that believe Kenya that one and democratic."
"That fight will never change," he added.
"Our and died for this nation.
We will do everything to defend life. "
Declared days of national mourning for the victims of the attack.
Inside College slaughter Christian Purefoy reported from.
) Santorum hoped Indiana Gov.
Mike Pence "" to his state's religious freedom law limiting its scope.
The law Indiana, tech giants like Apple and Salesforce like the, amid concerns it would allow businesses to turn away gay and lesbian customers.
Santorum, the former Republican senator from Pennsylvania who is likely to mount another presidential campaign, said on CBS '"Face the Nation" on Sunday -- which couldn't on sexual orientation -- "limited view".
"It really open the debate up on some of the more current issues," Santorum said -- a reference to gay rights issues.
Set whether same-sex marriage should be legalized nationwide, like Santorum asserted weddings.
The Indiana uproar drew the GOP into the debate, with candidates like Jeb Bush rushing to defense.
"Tolerance said
"If you're a you are a gay man should you be forced to print 'God hates' Westboro signs?"
Santorum said.
"Should the government force you to do that?"
He said.
"And that's what these are about.
This is the government coming in saying, 'No -- we're going to do this.'
And this is where to say, 'tolerance -- have it.' "
Gay rights groups, meanwhile, have used outrage over Indiana's law -- a Gov.
Law debate in states similar renew calls for laws that bar discrimination based on sexual orientation.
Sarah, the Human Rights Campaign, said the debate could shift to states like Texas, where similar bills have been introduced.
She said companies like Facebook and Google are increasingly wading into the debate because "."
Cardinal Timothy New York said on NBC's "Meet the Press" on Sunday that religious freedom "balance."
"make the rights to religion another --" he said.
"It's easier to ignore religious freedom than,, Dolan said.
"that we have political leaders like Gov.
Pence are saying, '
Without the gay community to make sure the rights are protected. '
(CNN) Joni Mitchell has been hospitalized in Southern California.
Los Angeles Fire Department called 30 p.m. (
Tuesday medical emergency, spokesman said
"was found unconscious in her home (Tuesday).
She regained consciousness on ambulance ride to hospital "according to her official website.
She is currently in undergoing tests and in good spirits.
More to come them.
A song, her way.
Best-known songs "Big Yellow Taxi in Paris," she penned hits.
Crosby, Stills & Young scored with her "" 1969 landmark music.
A Top 10 hit in 1967 with Mitchell's "."
(climbers don't.
Their trash.
Thousands of pounds.
Climbing group from the Indian army to the 8,850-meter mountain at least 4,000 kilograms () the according to India.
Is part of the Himalaya on the border between Nepal and the region.
Team plans to depart for Kathmandu on the ascent in mid-May.
The trip marks the 50th anniversary of the first Indian team to scale Mount Everest.
, Mount Everest is now...'s highest junkyard Singh Jamval, team leader, told India Today.
"mountaineering waste Camp 19,695 said
"old tents,,, equipment and other mountaineering.
Haversacks weighing 10 kg intend to trip. "
More than 200 climbers have died attempting to UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The Indian expedition isn't the first to clean up trash left by of hikers.
Among the cleanup efforts is the Everest annual climbing "eco-sensitive manner" bringing old refuse, in addition to generated during the trip,, according to the website.
(CNN) Slamming powers nuclear deal with Iran, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Friday demanded a "clear recognition of Israel's right to exist."
Netanyahu has been perhaps the most vocal critic of nuclear talks with Iran, insisting it can't be trusted.
He took the U.S. last month negotiators agreement, over the objections of President Barack Obama.
Prime Minister has sharpened rhetoric deal "."
Iranian President: to on nuclear deal Netanyahu has lobbied for a deal that dismantles and disassembles Iran limiting its usage Iran's -- but part of the framework agreement.
Called for sanctions tied to the what Iran's the region on its nuclear program both, Netanyahu is calling the deal a historic mistake.
An Cabinet hours before the Netanyahu said "a world would threaten the very survival of Israel
"...
To to survival of, Netanyahu said
"Israel will not accept an agreement which allows a country that vows to annihilate us to develop nuclear weapons, period."
Obama called Netanyahu after Thursday's announcement to reassure him that Israel's security will a the the faces.
"support for Israel" said the commitment.
Netanyahu said from Iran.
Just two days ago, Iran said 'the destruction of Israel is non-negotiable.'
And Iran is accelerating Israel. "
Two passengers found dead on a cruise ship have died in a murder-suicide, the cruise line said.
Holland America said two guests were found dead inside their stateroom at 11:..
"The cabin was immediately secured, and the authorities including," America said.
"We are cooperating with the investigation, and the authorities will make the determination."
FBI said.
The ship left Tampa, Florida on 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise.
's in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
(CNN) Iran's President Friday hailed the proposed that to -- other countries their end in world affairs.
"Some think President Hassan Rouhani said.
However believe none.
There is a path.
We cooperate with the world. "
Rouhani kept to the framework deal agreed Thursday parameters that a deal.
Chief Iran would and no longer face international sanctions.
He thanked Iranians for their patience "" for the country's rights.
The President said realize that Iran is pursuing peaceful objectives. "
Develop nuclear energy, not nuclear weapons, feared.
Iran's leaders, spurred nation.
"" Rouhani said to its word "the other promises."
What Iranians think of's stockpile and significantly scaling back its.
Still, it will be centralized, Iran won't.
Should -- a Tehran required that will end sanctions.
That was non-negotiable, with Rouhani saying the government removing "obstacle for business" by addressing the worries about its nuclear program.
"We need economic for the youth and development," he said
"our people can better things for their welfare."
It won P5 -- on regarding the nitty-gritty agreement.
For the deal.
What's in the deal?
7 points about negotiations and deep-rooted acrimony, between Iran and the United States.
Those tensions, nor any guarantee that talks over.
Even applauded "deal," President Barack Obama pointed out Thursday that "Iran."
Government blasted agreement Friday as "danger" for Iran to develop nuclear weapons.
On the Iranian side, Foreign Minister Javad Zarif has acknowledged that "mutual mistrust" has plagued talks.
Iran still "United" after Thursday's agreement.
Still, Rouhani expressed Friday to the rest of world,.
Do hands with them
...
Those countries we have tensions with would like an end to animosity, he said.
. "
(CNN) Tornadoes are the,, said.
Anytime, of course, but Myers says tornado are more dangerous during the night.
"Tornadoes are sleeping and not paying attention to warnings," he said.
Scattered storms soak Illinois and Missouri, wind will continue in those states, the National Weather Service said.
Thursday, storms hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky.
Earlier this week, severe weather struck the South.
, Oklahoma reported hail.
Residents in Shawnee, Oklahoma, were awakened early Wednesday morning by a hail.
"The hail came out it was," Sherri McDonald said to CNN in an.
(CNN) Tornadoes are the,, said.
Anytime, of course, but Myers says tornado are more dangerous during the night.
"Tornadoes are sleeping and not paying attention to warnings," he said.
Scattered storms soak Illinois and Missouri, wind will continue in those states, the National Weather Service said.
Thursday, storms hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky.
Earlier this week, severe weather struck the South.
, Oklahoma reported hail.
Residents in Shawnee, Oklahoma, were awakened early Wednesday morning by a hail.
"The hail came out it was," Sherri McDonald said to CNN in an.
(CNN) a little piece of a family tragedy.
In July, Sharry and parents.
Sharry was eight months pregnant.
Smith fell and hit his head.
He was taken to Medical Center.
Smith recovered.
"July 13th 2014 was the worst day of my life" posted on Facebook
"friend.
The father of my child. "
Their son arrived a few weeks later.
When it was time for his pictures, had a special request.
The family picture "asked me if I would with their photo 'daddy in," Kayli' posted.
"I just got to thinking, have a picture with in it," the mom told CNN.
't it, but they found just the right picture -- one that has him looking over his family's shoulder.
"not physically here but that picture is us and will always be there for us no matter what,".
The photo has become a social media sensation after the Facebook page.
More.
"I can't believe this".
(CNN) Build a wall the length of the border.
Recruit new officers.
Better tactics.
Kenya's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas.
The blood of 147 people slaughtered injured when Al-Shabaab opened campus in Thursday, has renewed vigor.
Had security held Nairobi Mall for 2013 deaths.
It massacre at Garissa University College,.
Police.
But the number of people killed in the attack is plaguing.
With the highest death toll since the bombing on the Embassy many are saying security is not tight enough.
And authorities response forces hours killings.
Should?
The answer is elusive.
The Al-Shabaab is not new helped stall the inevitable --,.
Of the Kenya's efforts.
The notion of a wall is since the border runs 435 miles.
A wall, militants could arrive by sea to coastal towns in Kenya that have been.
The areas Kenya.
Is populated by mainly ethnic Somalis.
The region has become so violent that many fled it,.
, Many hailed mostly from parts of Kenya.
Also cross into Somalia to fight Al-Shabaab home to up with Kenyan al Hijra, said.
The situation deteriorated years after Kenya's incursion into Somalia to battle Al-Shabaab there, CNN's David McKenzie said.
Kenya wiped out some of the group's key bases there Linda, in 2011.
But more -- and more likely to hit targets in Kenya,.
It's also simply difficult to protect every single target -- especially in Kenya.
"It will be impossible to provide security throughout the country," Gohel said.
Kenya will need a lot more help from its neighbors and the international community, including the United States, to contain Al-Shabaab.
"Al-Shabaab is not just a local terrorist group, outfit," he said.
"It operates a number of countries and recruits people from the West."
McKenzie says Al-Shabaab is trying to maintain relevance as other terror groups like Boko Haram, and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula influence.
That have of seizing large territory losses in Somalia.
These attacks groups are cost-effective, said.
"If the group infrastructure and resources remain intact in Kenya, we will see more attacks taking place.
A incident. "
Allegiances groups.
In 2012, al Qaeda.
Previously, a whether Somalia.
Kenya's government.
Kenya passed a controversial law.
The Court saw it as an affront to civil rights and struck early this year,.
This included blocking the 10,000 new police recruits.
On Thursday, Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta to have them processed.
Accused Al-Shabaab to widen police powers.
Kenyatta's government,, has wielded an abusive hand against ethnic Somalis and other Muslims in Kenya, Human Rights Watch said.
Security forces carried out raids in and in, targeting.
"Security agencies raided homes, buildings and phones, and other goods," HRW said.
Harassed including refugees, citizens, and periods beyond the legal limit. "
Has helped extremists looking to.
United Garissa in recent warning of an imminent attack.
And last month, the U.S. Embassy warned of possible attacks "throughout Kenya in the near-term" of leader,, who was accused in the Westgate attack.
Kenyans asking why security forces did not react to warnings in advance.
(CNN you.
Boy?
Girl?
Young?
Old? "
The phone was casualness market trader.
After a phone calls had given.
He heard accent the rate.
"We can" he said.
We'd been put in touch with the man through a contact.
We were one men displaced camp -- one of the many that mushroomed in town as the influx of people fleeing Boko Haram beyond the.
It had been heartbreakingly simple.
We'd asked who available to "" code word the offering up the children.
The man on the phone was the result of inquiries.
Colleague want them a group of.
One, maybe?
He saying he needed to check with --.
I called.
The man picked me as sister. "
I told him to know what to do, did "foster" the children.
Me fostering was free.
For any from that the children, if I would "in my heart."
"" to donate those in the camp work. "
In the measures the Nigerian government has government million are in.
The Global Slavery Index says Nigeria has the highest number of people in slavery of any sub-Saharan country.
Paradoxically, the Nigeria's agency,, one of the strongest government responses on the continent -- it's the realities in what is now a zone of Nigeria.
As the insecurity in the region has spiraled, the worry is that children are falling through the cracks.
As Boko could the hands.
At the camp we met face to face,.
The children.
Could I specified younger.
I want to consider an older?
A 12-year-old maybe?
She could look after the 3-year-old and cook.
Either way two girls would said.
I could.
In exchange for the.
't, he said for.
Laughing at of $200.
Laughing again at $300.
We finally found he didn't.
(CNN) in the heart of Nima, families congregate at a mosque.
When the young girls say goodbye to their loved ones, up concrete steps leading up to the floor.
, Inside a room with brown tables, computer screens await for them.
"are praying [teaching the girls," explains tech entrepreneur Regina Agyare, who comes here to.
Agyare's first visit girls -- at project in January 2014.
Was a one-off mentorship initiative "Tech Girls", the students proved quite a draw.
"love decided to set up a club and sessions," says Agyare of development.
More,, offered the opportunity to "the community of girls."
In a largely Christian nation, Accra.
Agyare says is local girls growing up without leaving the community.
Girls were forced denied their right to go to school.
Most to what was around.
"I was shocked...
I thought we had progressed.
I thought past that.
Part, was lent her support to Ghana.
Amadu, the organization supports 250 girls between the age of six and 18, priming them technology.
Its goal is Nima with a generation of models, and the group provides school funding to help shape their own.
The project its mosque Agyare the.
Achievers, but when chief imam Sheik Abdul Rahman championed's, few reservations.
With parents of the, it is in everyone's interest that the girls succeed.
Fourteen months after her first visit, Agyare's coding is well established.
She has set up a mentor scheme of "Tech Girls" and training women students in Nima.
50 girls taught HTML and called "Slum Voices".
"I definitely feel [technology] has given them a voice,".
's allowed them to express themselves and interact with them. "
Girls computer classes began, but Agyare approach has brought all her students up to the same standard.
Agyare insists that "we don't leave anyone behind."
To, a male found their way into her.
An accidental revelation to Agyare.
She details the story of one affronted boy.
"didn't like it when learning was girls empowered;."
Agyare she begin to confront gender expectations.
For boys the role of a girl "to be wife," Agyare explains, "needs to be taken care of."
Classes boys from an early age can learn to [within society]. "
Of the young university -- Ghana is working on a program to make the attainable.
Agyare says the goal is not to turn every girl into software developers but "."
She adds: "It would be great girls that decided to go computer helping them reach and"
(CNN), you the controversy over Indiana's religious freedom law.
Companies blasting an invitation for businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians, religion.
Or, like Indiana Gov.
Mike Pence, the backlash maintain of a law that is already in the books at the federal level and states.
The issue drives,, the debate over gay, but also the motives questioned.
're here are things you might not have considered when thinking about this controversy.
But offer context to uproar.
Schumer clarity over Indiana's version of the law.
Schumer mocks Indiana's contention that a mirror of the 22-year-old.
"true a," Schumer wrote on his Facebook page.
The federal law was intended to protect's religious freedom, he said.
The Indiana law religious freedom, he contends.
Also, the law was envisioned to protect the individuals the Indiana law protects private companies said.
How the law claim is basically a copy of the federal law?
The purpose of federal religious freedom laws.
In short -- the government cannot interfere with religious practices unless there is a compelling government interest.
Is over the Indiana law expands religious protections to include companies and.
Other states own version of the law -- Indiana became.
State laws mirror the law much more closely than the Indiana law does.
The Indiana instances where someone can.
This is how it could make:, a shooting commitment ceremony with her partner.
This was in New Mexico, a state with a religious freedom law at the time of the dispute.
The company, Elane Photography, refused the job because of's religious beliefs.
Sued Photography company defended itself by citing the law.
The lost case because the court ruled that it could not use the religious freedom law because the dispute was between private parties and not a government entity.
What would happen if that case happened today in Indiana, the?
For sure, the case would have proceeded to trial,, Emory University.
The would have the chance it denied.
Would the outcome have been the same?
Would Indiana company service sexual orientation?
In a letter expressing concern about the Indiana law, a group of 30 legal scholars argued that expanded scope to religious.
"opinion, the that the broad language of RFRA will likely create a wave threaten the state's other interests," the letter,, stated.
These concerns are based on of, said a constitutional law professor at South Texas College of Law.
Yes, the Indiana can use the defense, he said
"just defense does not mean it will be successful."
To defend in court tend to lose, Blackman said.
If use the law as a defense, it still likely would have lost the case.
What clear is that law defend claiming.
Success.
The meantime are plans on how the law founder Church CNN that the law should protect right to.
Much is being made of the fact that the law was signed by 20 years ago.
Support in 1993, so why the commotion over a similar law in 2015 ask?
Timing and intent have changed the way these laws are viewed.
The federal law was written by Democrats, and the.
It is being championed.
The law came after two Native Americans in Oregon were fired from their jobs because they consumed peyote,.
They were denied benefits and they sued the was.
They lost the case.
The law was created as.
As envisioned, it would protect religious minorities.
Over the years, the law helped a -- Muslim grow a Santeria was allowed on, and a boy received an exception banning.
The law was on the books for years, with.
It is the religious freedom laws became popular at the state level as gay rights equality movement steps.
Laws services same-sex couples.
Holbrook said.
"The timing is beyond a coincidence," he said.
An interest in RFRA same-sex marriage is. "
Law, critics accuse the states laws of using them to justify discrimination by the religion.
Blackman said the laws shows that.
The expanded laws mean more people defend it will likely lose, he said.
"reflects the RFRA," he said.
've the law Indiana raised a matters.
Not.
According to, the interpretations of the federal law are not uniform.
Four courts of appeals have ruled that the federal law can be used in cases involving.
Two other appeals courts have ruled this is not allowed.
The Hobby Lobby case.
Hobby Lobby, the federal religious freedom law, argued contraception coverage Obamacare because it was against the.
, Hobby Lobby won the case before the Supreme Court.
The ruling, expanded the reach of the federal law to include.
The courts rulings, may have opened the door for Indiana to be explicit about the law.
One way to look at it,, is that Indiana simply clarified and codified something that is hazy in the federal courts.
The outrage over the Indiana law used the religious beliefs.
The religious freedom law? "
Indiana does not have law that protects people based on sexual orientation.
In that sense, the religious freedom law is necessary for those who want to discriminate against gays and lesbians.
Indiana law, if a restaurant denied service to a gay couple,.
, There is also federal law that protects the LGBT community.
According to the Human Rights Campaign, lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people are fired,.
And limited.
, Nondiscrimination laws.
Another hypothetical outcome of the New Mexico case involving the lesbian couple.
If New Mexico had the religious freedom law, the case would have gone to trial.
A law that protects the community, would have a strong religious freedom.
In Indiana, that protection.
(when Indianapolis do nondiscrimination).
This suggests a for the Indiana law would be a nondiscrimination law.
(CNN) A a prominent U.S. lawyer that alleged underage sex crimes.
Alan Dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors billionaire Jeffrey Epstein.
Denied surfaced.
Dershowitz.
In his decision, U.S. District Court Judge Kenneth Marra denied a motion by the alleged victims -- "Jane Doe" -- to join a lawsuit federal.
Wrote in the decision that the "lurid details" of were unnecessary to whether the victims could join the lawsuit.
"details whom the Jane engaged in sexual activities are and impertinent... these details who are not related Government.
These unnecessary details be stricken. "
Speaking of the allegations, said Tuesday: "."
Buckingham Palace, Duke of York Roberts, said Prince Andrew was informed of the latest developments.
"is resuming public engagements next week.
Details in, said in a statement.
Roberts' attorneys were not immediately available for comment.
The court alleged that "" was sex with several men when she was a teenager.
Virginia Roberts made the allegations in a motion filed earlier this year in U.S. District Court, by unnamed woman.
While Roberts was not identified by name in the filing, her name was in the news, and Buckingham.
With Britain's and others named in federal court filing Epstein.
Epstein guilty some in Florida to charge prostitution solicitation charges after he and authorities signed a agreement.
But some of victims board with the deal, thinking stiffer charges.
Four of them under the Crime Victims Act were the agreement.
Of discussion in January, one described Jane Doe 3.
The filing alleged Epstein powerful people. "
Names allegedly included Prince Dershowitz.
"Epstein Jane Doe minor not only in Florida but also New York, Virgin Islands."
Lawyer subsequently issued an adamant public denial, saying the case "is all about money" and "."
Went further in, affidavit he said "Jane Doe # 3 totally have been my reputation."
"Never under any circumstance have I had any sexual contact of any kind which includes massages or any physical contact whatsoever," he said.
Said, for instance, on his sole visit to Epstein's Caribbean island as well as the one he went to Epstein's New Mexico house -- under no girls.
"without reservation and with full awareness of the risks," "under any circumstances, have contact."
At least 54 people have died missing after a Russian vessel sank off the Kamchatka Peninsula, according to Tass news agency.
More than 60 people were rescued Thursday from the waters in Russia.
The Vostok vessel -- was carrying 132 people, the ministry said.
Of the 78 were Russians.
The 54 others were foreign nationals, Ukraine,, according to the news agency, Myanmar.
More than 20 vessels are searching for 15 people missing, Tass said.
The shipwreck was swift in the Sea of Okhotsk within 15 minutes of difficulties, the news reported.
The most likely cause of the shipwreck was an obstacle which damaged the hull, the spokesman of Russia's Investigative Committee, Vladimir Markin, is quoted as saying.
(CNN)
The deadline will endgame pact has come and gone with no deal.
Good news?
Talking.
Doesn't change the fact that it's not easy to reach resolutions on complex nuclear relations.
The fact that's The date that counts is when the parties must figure out comprehensive deal details and diplomatic fully -- or else everything falls apart.
What's happening in Lausanne, Switzerland to get everyone on the same page about will a potential conclusive agreement.
That will eventually happen, it's good that Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif, Secretary of State John Kerry and senior diplomat held talks Thursday.
't mean a final deal.
"We have made significant progress over the last few days, but it has been slow going," British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond told reporters Wednesday.
"I'm optimistic that we will make further progress... but being to meet there are still issues to deal with
'll get there during the course of the day. "
But Thursday, no deal.
That Iran has with dignity, and it's time for our negotiating. "
"agreement and pressure do not go together.
They are mutually exclusive, "the Iranian minister said.
So to decide with respect they want on pressure.
They have tested the other one.
It is one. "
U.S. State Department official Marie Harf said on Twitter the early morning.
"That was an all-nighter," she tweeted around 6 a.m. (
ET), saying the negotiations had resume again in a few hours.
Another U.S. official said that "."
Still unclear, if. "
Agree sides have made progress in recent days.
It "very good" progress on issues, according to, the News Agency.
"the conversations continue to be," White House press secretary Josh Earnest said on talking.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in the talks with the European Union -- went so far as to say "a agreements have been reached."
"these agreements in Lavrov said.
To settling, including verification of Iran's nuclear program and provisions. "
But it doesn't details getting Iran on the same page given the distrust.
According to, said he hopes a framework will be drafted.
It's a matter of political will.
Not about, said, professor of Middle East studies at the London School of Economics.
"here about United States and."
, Gerges on Wednesday% to chance of coming to some sort of agreement.
"I think there is a convergence of Iranian and both camps have interest in signing an agreement away."
For Iran, which insists its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes, would mean relief from economic sanctions.
The West hope relations with Tehran without the.
The sides have each other for years.
Iran facing crippling sanctions in the first place: many felt they could not trust Tehran, with nuclear.
With Hassan Rouhani, on.
And there has been some movement,,.
Still, it's too early to say the.
A American, told CNN that Iranian officials feel they've already in the talks.
"They've gone as far as they possibly can and it's for the right now to make a move," he said.
Nuclear talks The main sticking points are believed to be which Iran will maintain and whether Iran.
Even to all sides, any agreement is expected to come under attack.
Obama is likely to stern challenge deal to Congress in Iran it.
Israel an existential threat, on Tuesday said "."
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu suggested the United States could be threatened as well.
"The Middle East is plagued by anti-American extremism
... to 'building intercontinental ballistic missiles.
In, states are exploding said to some Iranian leaders and that could develop.
Or administration say any agreement would.
They insist would be a deal.
If no agreement reached the talks, consequences.
Further sanctions on Iran follow.
Israel argues Tehran back to the negotiating table to settle deal.
But Obama administration officials say they fear Iran efforts to advance its any.
Iranian nuclear could spark in the Middle East strikes from the United States
"The option will remain," Carter told NBC's "Today".
"If there is agreement, obviously it's completing negotiations."
CNN's reported from Lausanne and reported and from Atlanta.
(CNN) The voice aboard Germanwings Flight 9525 reportedly warning to "pull up" and "".
But that was not enough to stop the aircraft from slamming into the Alps.
Reports apparently, new aviation experts develop and deploy enhanced crash avoidance software that could take control of an aircraft from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude.
The technology would work in a crash avoidance used.
If a pilot is incapacitated or ignores warnings, flight guidance software could take over a course to a safe altitude.
In cars systems deploy brakes to a, and help maintain safe distances from other vehicles.
The idea is not new.
More than 10 years ago,, Airbus, the manufacturer of the doomed aircraft, was working to evelop aircraft avoidance software with Honeywell -- in part to prevent jetliners from being flown into large buildings.
The project was ultimately scrapped.
A the company has no plans to revive the project unless it put into cockpits ask for it.
So far that has not happened.
CNN also asked Airbus, had no comment.
Former General Schiavo says pilots, regulators have, so far, not bought into can do it better.
"For any situation where pilot control their plane, there has been pushback from airlines.
That ultimately the pilot maintain overall control of the plane for a safe flight.
However,, the Germanwings crash technology would have saved the flight.
Not only would it have saved flight the passengers, it would it is,.
Implications for safer flight industry "
Pilots' groups point to numerous instances where a pilot's training actually saved lives.
, Capt.
C.B.
Sullenberger crash-landed flight into the Hudson River in a its and the A320 lost.
National Transportation Safety Board report on the crash said the thing that was "decision-making of the flight and their crew management sequence."
In other words, when plane saved the passengers and five crew members on board.
Pilots say if plane water the outcome very different.
Commercial pilot John says there are other considerations to take into account as well.
In like this... the control cannot be taken back from the aircraft.
The aircraft could be taken just a normal flight and be able to get control back.
I think it is going to take time to operationally test this kind of technology before it is foolproof. "
He also worries that could be vulnerable to hackers.
People will the technology.
The technology and there will be bad people able to exploit that technology.
Not a good thing. "
Incident like pilot the crash, says technology.
"Most of the commercial jetliner crashes in two or three years could have been saved with an override."
Barton says there are plenty of safeguards in place in the United States.
For example, says the Federal Aviation Administration rule that two people must always be in the cockpit during a flight Germanwings flight.
That is a practice that overseas -- and company, -- have now adopted
"The problem is, and that is sound hiring, training"
(CNN) Indiana's controversial religious freedom law.
A Gov.
Mike Pence the state Freedom,.
Pence is making the right call.
Protecting religion versus protecting equality one.
Not all law hate and people against.
, Equality saved.
The's RFRA against LGBT, and there is a compelling governmental interest in eliminating that.
To shape allow people to live their sincerely held religious obligations.
Value valued the religion.
Sometimes a law seems to impose burdens on the people it affects, but severely burdens the religious.
In, if there is no compelling interest in enforcing that law in that particularly way no one else is harmed -- then religion should be.
The need this law allow every person to law religion is important, and there are specific compelling reasons why people should be allowed to practice as they need.
These are why the federal RFRA was passed,.
American values.
We no longer live in 1993, years before Lawrence v. Texas,.
In, our; need to protect the rights of the LGBT community.
Because changes cannot keep insisting that the law was never intended to discriminate just 22 years ago, before we realized potential.
Even if a intends the bill to be a have to take seriously Justice.
Concerned.
Concern.
People belief.
Public matter.
Not so, relevant to the that bill important about Baskin v. Bogans that Indiana's same-sex marriage ban was unconstitutional.
Writing for the Seventh Circuit panel in Judge Richard Posner in the case provides the obvious answer for how the RFRA changing what that.
Courts have held that religious exemption cannot be harm, and -- as explained so simply --
Not inherently evil.
The nondiscriminatory and protected.
The principles of RFRA can remain unchanged; just the harmful.
Have the potential to send an important message of equality and make Indiana into a shining beacon of of America. "
(CNN) This is the time when Christians the world over -- -- reflect upon the crucifixion.
In light of the tragic college students on Thursday and the ongoing threat in other nations, this Week we are calling upon,,, human bombing and displacement of hundreds -- alone extremists.
Iraq, Egypt, and Nigeria.
Iraq told the Conference, "
We want only peace, security.
More explosions injustice "
Then, nearly every remaining church in Iraq its threat inevitable.
When Iraq's Nineveh's city that was a thriving Christian community there centuries.
Respond, Iraq's ancient Christianity community.
Security Louis referred. "
's.
The first century church in the.
Christian communities build, and ashes the Tigris.
As refugees often, churches.
Catholic Pope Francis called "is experiencing.
Or contrived crisis.
As Religious Freedom, Middle Eastern Christianity. "
Concern threat religious evil is Muslims whose community casualties.
That Christianity threat parts of Syria faces nations.
With being threatened we Christians are part of [the Middle East's] future. "
When will we be able to our 2,000 of East and stop threat to other nations?
Our love and support before also from the world.
A Christian who was his faith.
He converted to Christianity one Syria, Paul.
Letter to Christians living in dangerous place in persecuted time, we delivered. "
(CNN) The last time to power, it was by force.
Time by the ballot box.
Five reasons why one of the elections in the country's history is so important.
For the first time in Nigeria, the ruling party.
Nigeria's presidential election, about two.
Nigeria the biggest economy in one of Africa's largest oil producers and a major supplier of crude oil to the United States.
This isn't's first time Nigeria -- but it's his first time in nearly 30 years.
The dictator is Sunni Muslim Nigeria's comes from a oil.
's win comes after a history of military, coups and democracy in the country.
Many told CNN they saw as leader who was indecisive and weak.
Buhari campaigning for the fourth time on and some analysts believe his military background was an advantage.
A keep them safe from Boko Haram's -- Buhari also campaigned to allay fears about military regime the last time around.
He stressed government.
His campaign was also fiercely anti-corruption -- under the slogan of "" his supporters were pictured holding in the lead-up to the vote.
The elections were largely violent and Nigerians included,.
Some abroad and there was sporadic violence across the country in the lead up to the election.
Those fears turned out to be unfounded and the elections held peacefully with the attacks in the north of the country where 11 people died.
Many also praised's concession defeat post-election violence.
President-elect said of the we peaceful and elections.
"We have proven to the world a democracy and a a government and the people."
On election day, Nigerians queued for hours to vote.
Some of the machines malfunctioned at polling station -- and voting had to be extended the following day.
Issues didn't keep people from voting -- in some ballots the mobile phones.
And even though some didn't, many say down on vote.
Isn't the only obstacle facing the president.
The economy and enough to light the country issues.
The pressure will soon be on Buhari to deliver and there will be no excuses.
(CNN) Universal's "Furious 7" is about to make history.
The final film from is expected to gross when North American box office this weekend, ever for an April title inflation.Domestically of roughly 4,003 (including "Despicable Me 2).
Of 4,000 summer and year-end titles.
Movie is also poised global debut of $250 million.
"Furious 7" is opening day-and-date world on 10,500 screens in 63 for major markets including China.
: 'Furious 7' scores release despite Tony Jaa contract The top opening is "Captain America: The Winter Soldier," which debuted to $95 theaters last year.
"Furious" is poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 to date.
$"The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1" it will mark the largest since "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire" () in November.
Massive due to both of the series's.
"Fast & Furious" debuted a $Memorial Day weekend in 2012, including $97.4 million million worldwide.
Universal to Furious 7 on 2014, production was halted in November 2013 when died in a car crash during the Thanksgiving hiatus.
Wan Morgan and Universal footage script, production.
's who's down CGI and voice effects in scenes featuring Walker's Brian O'Conner's brothers,, as stand-ins.
"Furious 7" includes,, as well as Jason Statham's
"Furious" is expected to usher in mega-openings at the box office this year.
And "The Avengers: Age of Ultron," set to open May 1, hasn't, but some are suggesting it could top record-breaking of "The Avengers" () in 2012.
Story The Hollywood Reporter.
©.
(could California.
Gov.
Jerry Brown on Wednesday for the first time,, cities and the state by 25%.
"We're in a new era," Brown said
"The idea of green lots of water, that's going to be a thing of the past."
The 25% cut in roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water (equals about 325,000 gallons) over the next nine months, officials said.
"historic drought action," Brown said,,.
The reduction in water use does not apply to the agriculture industry, the requirement.
Prompted criticism agriculture California's water.
Farms in the state have taken a hit, with reduced water allocations and thousands laid off.
Of Slate wrote that is California dry. "
The the heavily during the summer, is near a record low.
Famed golf course group said it should be able to.
, President of Pebble Beach, said what effect it will have.
"It will not affect our golf course water (course) plant we built in 1994," he said.
The company, Hill Bay as well as.
He said the drought has yet to hurt.
"People here are also very conscious about water usage and the expense of water in this area," he said.
University in, known for its beautiful campus, said it would be challenging given the water-saving practices already in effect.
The school reclaimed water irrigation off all fountains according the university.
University to further reduce water usage.
Brown's order will: • Impose significant water on golf landscapes.
• Replace 50 million lawns throughout the state with drought-tolerant.
• Create a statewide rebate program to replace with water efficient models.
• Prohibit new homes from irrigating potable water drip irrigation.
• Ban watering on public medians.
Users water to regulators, the state's ability to enforce.
"different world".
. "
11 trillion gallons are needed for California to recover from the emergency.
The estimate is based on NASA of how much water's.
That's more than the amount of water, according to CNN calculations.
Water flows over Niagara Falls in about 170 days.
At least a drought, and more than half of the state faces dryness,, according to the Drought Monitor.
California isn't the only an absence of rain.
As% 48 faced the states California Texas, the Drought Monitor says.
But none of those states is facing of California, where the drought has been a natural disaster since 2012.
In fact, Brown last year declared a state emergency are "the worst drought that California has ever seen since records began)."
The 16 "historic legislation" created ", groundwater management for the first time in California," the office said.
The new legislation,, officials said.
Last month unveiled an emergency $1 billion spending plan to tackle the state's drought.
The State Water Resources Control Board will accelerate $128 million from budget assistance to workers and affected communities.
Proposition 1 funding,, will funnel $272 million into safe water maintenance of water infrastructure.
Some $660 million from Prop 1 will also flood protection areas.
Of additional down on water inefficiency as the year.
The snowpack came in at 0.9 inches water content, just 5% of average for the measurement.
Overall water content for Northern Sierra came in at 4.4 inches 16% of average for.
Sierra readings were 5.5 inches (20% of average) and 5 inches (22% of average) respectively.
Snow.
(CNN) what God.
Isaiah 58.6 tells us the kind of fast day I'm to injustice the workplace,, cancel debts.
's announcement that the company is going to raise wages of its employees is a significant victory for fast-food cooks and and those who support them.
Standing are acceptable for McDonald's to pay wages that its workers.
This action raise starting wages McDonald restaurants at the set falls short it leaves out the majority of McDonald's workers.
The announcement affects 10% of the United States employees who work at McDonald's restaurants.
Of thousands of workers serving Big Macs and fries won their paychecks.
That for franchises,, National Labor Relations Board.
, This raise isn't nearly enough.
The minimum wage isn't enough for groceries,,.
It's not enough for clothing or health care.
It's not enough, say, for those cashiers to afford their.
The does nothing to help workers have a voice in their workplace conditions.
And other companies need to stop trying to prevent workers from together.
Respect workers collectively demand aid,.
We are at a turning point in American history.
We are at.
We are push this forward toward the goal of a: sustainable wages,, quality education,, workers right.
Are, McDonald's is proof that momentum is on our side.
When all's workers have more money back into their neighborhoods, economy.
Instead of hungry children, we have a rising wage floor and.
Today thousands of workers live below the poverty line.
Help from government programs, especially food stamps,.
Whether we like it or not, tax's keep wages artificially low.
This isn't an economic issue.
It's.
Restaurants say they.
The Rev.
Martin Luther King Jr. once said, "What good is having the right to lunch if you can't afford to buy a hamburger?"
Sure the people who serve are enough.
We aren't going to wait.
To organizing and fighting McDonald's and every other fast-food restaurant makes sense for communities: a $15 wage and a path to.
McDonald's took a step forward by raising wages for the people who.
() elation and in, you'd think World Cup.
Is.
Iranians erupted in celebration as young people waved their sunroofs, blasted music from online hashtag # IranTalks.
Excitement after a breakthrough Iran's crippling sanctions.
Just before midnight on Thursday,, thoroughfares turned.
Car horns blared.
Men danced in traffic.
Flaunted U.S. dollar.
It was a fitting occasion: The agreement was struck on the final day of Persian New Year festivities, symbolizing a fresh start.
Among told CNN he was happy about the accord but wary about his own future.
"I believe I'll have a hard time finding a job."
Tehran resident,, "Things can't get worse than they are so I'm happy with this news."
"This is historic live Iran."
At home, families watched as Iranian television broadcast President's speech live,.
Iranians celebrated the moment front.
Iranian foreign minister Javad Zarif — who led the negotiation — received a hero's welcome as he arrived in Iran on a sunny morning.
"Long live Zarif," crowds chanted as the vehicle rolled down, who struck the deal.
Posted to social media Zarif in, "We love you, Zarif"
Lausanne Zarif joins Iranian students cheer "Zarif We Love You" outside press conference # IranTalks.
Iranian-American, celebrated with in by singing "New Year.
Happy Day.
She closely followed the reaction world "".
"everyone was."
(CNN) Lucille statue hometown likeness does justice to the "I Love Lucy" star.
The life-size bronze statue in Celoron has been Twitty the "" and Buscemi, among other unflattering.
Even Mayor has not care for the statue the comic fictional nutrition Vitameatavegamin.
Has been a draw since 2009 for,'s attracting the statue.
A resident, started the Facebook page "
Get Rid, "seeking to get rid of the ugly" statue.
A story on Yahoo
News internet, reviving debate over what to do with the statue.
The founder of the Facebook group would like the statue Ball.
The founder requested anonymity, saying the issue is "not about me; it's about the statue."
"Ball was one of the most beautiful women who ever appeared,.
Is to a sculpture justice founder told.
This statue in is.
I love Lucy.
Let's get a new statue tribute to the. "
A vouched for the sentiment, its grimace and jagged teeth inspire more dread than reverence. "
"likes the statue, one look tells you why.
It looks like Walking the most famous actress of all time, ".
Residents fame, "some of them wish that the statue commemorating her would be."
The artist who created the statue did not respond to request for comment.
In, founder said not to "disparage" the artist.
"this statue is just not up to his work."
Schrecengost told local he reached out about redoing.
"said he wanted to $10,000 to do it.
've reached out to several other sculptors would we're looking at $5,000, "he told the newspaper.
A fourth man has been indicted in connection with a plot to provide material support to terrorists for some men, Federal Court released Monday.
Dilkhayot was added to a superseding indictment in which three -- Abdurasul, Akhror and Abror -- were charged with providing support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Those three have pleaded not guilty.
It is unclear if Kasimov has been arrested.
A criminal complaint filed say and Saidakhmetov planned to join ISIS and had airline tickets.
Saidakhmetov has been charged with telling intended according to the indictment.
Habibov to to commit.
The: has been 30-year-old citizen who police say "helped" the operation.
He was arrested in Jacksonville.
Court Habibov operates mall kitchenware and repair.
He has locations in Florida.
Habibov,, according to police.
Saidakhmetov lives in Brooklyn with Juraboev,.
They are permanent residents of the United States.
Court documents say Saidakhmetov, a citizen, worked at's mall in.
Saidakhmetov was arrested at Airport to catch a flight to Turkey.
The travel agent booked said Saidakhmetov a round-trip ticket.
Saidakhmetov said he couldn't,, the travel agent booked.
Saidakhmetov purchased tickets using ID said.
Say Saidakhmetov posted on Iraqi forces
(God is great)
Much. "
The criminal complaint says he told jihad "his mother would his passport could not."
Saidakhmetov called in and asked for, according to the complaint.
"When asked where he wanted to go, Saidakhmetov responded, a chance to join Islamic State and not go there on day he asked, and," the complaint says.
"After Saidakhmetov continued to ask for his passport, his mother hung up the phone."
Saidakhmetov told the informant he would try to get his passport back by telling he was traveling to Uzbekistan to visit relatives.
When the informant suggested it might be better to flight to Turkey, Saidakhmetov responded, "catching they are strict now
... and there. "
Other conversations.
In one, Saidakhmetov told he wanted to join the U.S. military so he could ISIS.
At least, he said, "soldiers and kill as many as possible," according to the complaint.
In conversation in January, told the that he couldn't get travel documents, "I will a gun,, police."
, According to the complaint, he said, "
Go.
Boom.
Then we will take his gun, bulletproof vest....
The FBI headquarters,. "
Before his arrest at his Brooklyn home, was scheduled to Turkey,.
He worked at the Gyro King restaurant asked he.
Kahn, King, said Juraboev was not given to discussing politics.
I heard him) about, about, about
What happened to him?
. "
In, say on ISIS
"!
Wanted allegiance and ourselves not present there ", a citizen of Uzbekistan posted.
In now but we don't have any.
But to commit ourselves as martyrs anyway while?
What is, and shot, will do?
Infidels. "
The post earned Juraboev a visit from federal agents several days later.
That he posted the message and that he believed in ISIS.
He also said "he he had the opportunity to do so but does not have the means or to do so," the complaint says.
(CNN) The third moon in a four-part series was the shortest eclipse of the bunch, a in North America.
The moon slipped fully into Earth's shadow at 4 a.m. Pacific Time (
A total eclipse for five minutes -- the shortest such eclipse.
Body took a burnt-orange tint before the eclipse, giving the total eclipses.
Watchers of North America caught eclipse -- one -- set below the horizon.
The event started at 3: 16 a.m. (
Moon shadow
"The lunar eclipse is looking good!"
Tweeted CNN affiliate, reddish partial moon dawn sky.
People from the West were able to catch the total eclipse.
Parts of South America, and were able to see the event, but it wasn't visible in Iceland, Europe, Africa or the Middle East.
A eclipse happens when the Earth and the Earth.
The sun shines on the Earth shadow.
The that a reddish color.
Why?
Because Earth's out most of the light.
NASA says happen twice a year, this eclipse is the third in a series, as. "
The first was April 15, 2014, and the second was October 23, 2014.
The the one.
Did you?
London (CNN) Time's to decide who they'll back, an election that could.
A campaign,, where candidates can take years to finesse their messages.
The election could's Labour Party Ed Miliband -- a of wrangling from attempt.
That's all to come when polls close Thursday evening,.
Strict rules govern UK elections, but until they kick in, here are some things you should know -- the candidates,, is the Queen isn't in charge?
The Queen doesn't Britain on, let's dispel common misconception.
Queen is head of state but only in charge.
She signs legislation and appoints new ministers but has no real but.
Officially, she's neutral.
The expressing opinion is this "".
Visit Windsor, the Queen's residence (), / / are they voting for?
Duh're for.
Actually.
In presidential elections vote the the country.
Vote more aimed at appointing government.
Voters put their / party.
Votes are tallied by constituencies political, -- which date back to when by or elves -- each with a seat in parliament.
Party wins seats to who becomes thumbs up.
Of in by party see voting endorsement of -- their bacon sandwiches at.
Visit a north London green space within and to the of
(South Park 44 20 7332 3322).
Is that a?
Kinda.
But not it can easily win power votes.
Because Britain's run on.
It's an analogy that highlights how similar British politics is to horse racing,.
Here's how it works: parliament seats different constituents --.
Only wins seat.
No second place.
Of course reform demands smaller parties, but since they never win the main parties, they're powerless.
The Liberal Democrats had 6.8 million but won just 57 seats.
Claimed.
Visit: beach Isle.
The stunning Outer Hebrides, off the western coast of Scotland, are voter.
Visitscotland.com / towns-villages / So who's going to win?
British elections two-horse race highlights are races involving two,.
The prime candidates are incumbent David Cameron,, and Ed Miliband, leader of the Labour Party.
Opinion polls there's no clear favorite.
That'll mean -- as it did in 2010 -- the victory could be claimed can () trade to a majority coalition alongside smaller parties.
Happens will be including the Scottish National Party and the upstart UK Independence Party.
UKIP's leader is a political outsider who's won support,.
Many seats, but could some unlikely romancing last when into to the.
: Racecourse.
Enough horse analogies already.
Check out at Queen.
High Street,, Berkshire, ascot.co.uk What?
Britain's cherished yet financially challenged the that's undergone political procedures in recent years, off.
UKIP's uncomfortable cross-party pledges to beef up decades of immigration,,, Britain's Viking, and invaders.
There's the economy -- Britain's deficit (without on the want to stop entering.)
Europe -- posturing against European Union supporters suspect but fish-pointing.
: The White Cliffs of Dover, that Britain's world.
Dover, 1304 whitecliffsofdover.co.uk too boring words?
Not the only one a problem for politicians seeking election.
Political apathy is on the rise in the UK, with party leaders they say are out of touch, even if one "" "pink condom."
Help politicians' Russell ".
However, he changed his mind after meeting Miliband,.
Still, UK elections without entertainment most provided fringe candidates.
From 1995 vote count was Lord Sutch, an odd-looking pop star whose Monster campaigned for causes that such as the dog.
In the 2010 other eccentric Lord, who campaigned on policies Bono.
Mad Cap also "swordsmanship and" imposing tax on Cheryl songs "."
Election night on with rivals, get Brand.
Visit.
English seaside town where Farage will be standing for election.
, "Pub Landlord" UKIP
(CNN) asked with fear.
What's going on?
What?
't I subway? "
Elderly woman in a headscarf shopping bags as she stood outside barricaded one of Istanbul's busiest subway stations.
One Turks left the worst power outage to country in more than a decade.
Dozens of cities lost power for hours Tuesday.
Millions were affected, including passengers stranded on paralyzed trains and.
Workers were forced to evacuate Istanbul where the black-out left commuters trapped deep beneath the Strait.
More than 24 hours later, Turkish to explain power outage.
Energy minister suggested possible failure.
The prime minister did not rule out the possibility of attack.
The the country's grid triggered conspiracy theories across social media.
Some users went so far as to suggest the elections to take place in June.
In Turkey.
Over the last five years, security forces have arrested hundreds of army society activists and police commanders accused of assorted plots aimed at toppling the government.
The increasingly dissent, the have also mistrustful political atmosphere.
Even Turkey's veteran prime minister recently "" he enjoyed when his party swept to power in 2002.
Meanwhile, mysterious black-outs are a, 2014 incident on -- a feline saboteur.
That that allegedly wandered into a power transformer.
A year ago, a series affected some polling stations during nationwide municipal elections, prompting accusations of rigging.
Justice Development Turks were reassured by the energy minister that the day black-outs were caused by a cat getting lost.
As electricity back in Istanbul on Tuesday crisis erupted.
Linked to an extremist leftist militant began chilling photos of a masked man holding a pistol to the head of a hostage in front.
Two gunmen somehow infiltrated the Palace of Justice, the monolithic court house in the center of Istanbul.
They took hostage Mehmet Selim, the prosecutor in charge of the sensitive trials.
The demanded confessions of police accused of shooting a tear gas canister at, a 15-year-old boy critically wounded during anti-government protests in 2013.
After months in a medically-induced burst of protests the government.
On Tuesday in the hostage crisis at the, the Turkish government imposed a gag order banning broadcasters from reporting on the siege.
The broadcast ban that the government used in recent years to stifle reporting on.
The government also shut down in kill involving corruption.
,'s court house siege gunmen dead and prosecutor wounded.
Turkish officials say the house militants began shooting.
In began blackouts hostage-taking inside one of buildings there the two incidents.
Just hours after the shooting, at.
Police called for a press conference.
As journalists jostled security at the largely deserted courthouse chanting "."
Hours after a devastating the Palace demonstrators hurling abuse at their government.
The reactions bewildering series of Turkey.
Tense back-to-back political crises.
Heavy-handed censorship has left the media widely distrusted by broad segments of society.
The absence, pushed government to the fringes.
Amid optimism and civil activism in the early days of the Arab Spring in 2011, countries in the Middle East.
Arab countries, and instability.
(CNN) The racist emails that resulted in three Ferguson city employees being fired have been released.
The exchanges between the city's top and two officers were discovered during a U.S. investigation of racial prejudice in the city's police.
The emails -- which first the Washington Post on Thursday after a request.
Friday.
Police Capt.
Henke and Sgt.
The emails were discovered as part of Ferguson.
The,, with emails, officials said.
One showed an actor a comedy "" with the caption "Rare photo of babysitting Barack Obama."
Another showed bare-chested, apparently in Africa,! "
A June email described a man trying to put dogs on welfare ", can't and have no who their are."
Critics have called for the department to be disbanded.
, Police Chief Thomas Jackson resigned week after department.
Will receive severance, city officials said.
Opinion: coming to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder ordered the Ferguson investigation after a white police officer, Darren Wilson, shot and killed black teenager Michael Brown last summer violent protests in.
Charges against.
No state charges were filed.
In a report, the Justice Department described what it said was a "pattern" of discrimination against African-Americans by.
That discrimination included racist.
Ferguson is% African-American.
The report: From 2012 to 2014, people Ferguson police were African-American,.
88% of cases police force African-Americans.
Drivers likely to be searched during traffic stops less in
(CNN), the 47-year-old grandson of J. Paul Getty, died Tuesday afternoon in his home in Los Angeles, according to a statement from his mother and father.
And Gordon Getty also "requested media and (the family) time," the statement added.
Getty's death "appears to be ()," Ed Winter, assistant in the Los Angeles County coroner's office, told CNN affiliate KTLA.
Medication had been recovered from Getty's home, investigators know Getty said.
Female the died and is, Police Capt.
William Hayes said.
That Getty was found on his side bathroom in his home.
The fortune came from Gordon Getty is one of three sons of the oil tycoon to be the richest man in the world.
Gordon Getty.
Records had recently filed to a restraining order.
A hearing in the case was scheduled for next week.
CNN to reach's.
(CNN) what drove Andreas Lubitz to crash Germanwings Flight 9525 into the Alps on on board.
Its doom.
It's terrifying.
As the investigation unfolds, we will learn more about to what extent kept his illness secret,.
Did his depression?
Should he have walked?
Should his doctors have?
Raises larger important issues about people with mental illness its stigma.
Too often and for too long, people with mental illness others.
We distinguish between people with mental illness and those who are a danger a's.
People need to keep mental illness a secret while to help.
Our illness and society must talk about mental illness in a way some.
We need to understand this malady as an illness and not a personal failing.
"mental illness" many affect people in a variety of ways.
People with mental illness are more than proper,.
Listen and take help.
It wasn't that long ago that cancer was many victims of the malady family members, friends.
But that as people with cancer, family members and caregivers public opinion.
Similarly, and with Michael J.
We've disease better people learn about't.
Talk about's kind we need mental illness through better-informed public discussion.
Put policies in place that encourage more repercussions people with mental illness fear.
That includes enforcing and strengthening the kind of protections we already have in place () for individuals who disclose their disability.
The dilemma health care providers face when they feel privacy from others to behaviors that could.
It's a.
Sooner, leaders need to to provide greater flexibility to enable health care providers to identify seriously ill persons who pose harm to innocent people.
At the same time reassure those who reveal their mental illness can in ways that will be valuable to their employers.
That can start urging to dismiss mental illness and to retrain them for other appropriate positions.
If companies them from the other roles in shifting the problem elsewhere and the drives.
't an easy problem.
As Flight tragedy, galvanize discussion and that is.
(CNN) Prince Harry arrived Monday in Australia, the country's military.
Reporting, the 30-year-old prince visited the Australian War Memorial in Canberra,, paying respects of the Soldier.
A crowd of onlookers gathered.
Photos of the royal, while: "
During his time, Harry "will work alongside the Australian Army in a number of regiments in Sydney and Perth" last week.
He has spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions during his 10-year career, according to a royal spokesman.
"Prince Harry trained and served armed forces operational; he South soldiers,".
Son of Prince Princess Diana Army his official title Royal.
He began his formal military duties in 2005.
He announced that he would be leaving the armed forces in June, describing the decision as "really tough."
Australian military the program will be. "
It will patrolling the bush as well as and exercises.
He'll also participate in activities such as training and marches.
Another focus of Harry's visit is to spend time wounded, and service members in Australia.
Wounded special interest for Prince Harry.
He and continues to the Invictus Games, for military personnel who have been wounded in the line of duty.
He wouldn't give his name.
The name tattooed on his neck --.
That's Kankakee, Illinois Sheriff said Saturday about Kamron Taylor, the 23-year-old jail escapee until his arrest overnight.
Authorities around Illinois had been looking for Taylor since early Wednesday, when's, then took off's and SUV.
Surveillance officials saw just Friday in Chicago.
"a guy that,".
're in long get a feeling something's not right
...
That's what happened. "
The suspect tracked down.
't go refusing to identify himself.
But when police contacted law enforcement miles south in Kankakee County and told them about the tattoo, it became clearer who the man was.
Bukowski said of the tattoo, "."
Fingerprints later confirmed Chicago police.
While not offering details to north tipster location say "he ended up" in the City.
't known when Taylor will return County.
But,, sheriff said the convict will likely face an attempted murder charge for attack of the guard on top of his already extensive criminal history.
Murderer guard drives said he expects Taylor will eventually be incarcerated County, "don't want" that there might somehow seek for one.
What the sheriff doesn't want is for Taylor to go free ever again.
After all 2013 robbery, wrestled to the ground after his conviction late the guard.
"He's not going to walk down again, I don't believe,".
The correctional officer remains in hospital, where his been able to talk to.
Good news that authorities "believed he had killed that correctional officer" around 3 a.m. (
According to the sheriff.
The guard was making his rounds when he was then beaten and choked.
Then allegedly disrobed the guard, a 10-year employee of the corrections department.
Left the jail in consciousness for 35 minutes before authorities responded,.
The alleged attacker walked out of the jail having his identity camera after pushing to "master control" that he wanted to leave.
"We think that because he had the on," the sheriff explained this week, "that's how he was able to escape."
Is locked up how he left in the first place.
"said believed the inmate.
"big mistake happened
"missed that.
From broke.
(CNN) Al-Shabaab attack Kenya military source the strikes people.
"The attack by the Kenya military is part of.
It is not a retaliation to the attack.
The military source said.
Is Kenyan military to give media.
The Al-Shabaab, according to a resident of Somalian, almost 200 kilometers (125 miles) from the Kenyan border local who asked not to be named out of fear for his safety.
The Kenyan military began bombing Sunday, targeting the stronghold of Godon Dhawe, Somali resident Ibrahim.
Is Somalia-Kenya.
Militant group in Somalia has claimed responsibility for the university attack.
Also Monday, a police source said Kenyan authorities beforehand that a university in Garissa the team was stuck in Nairobi hours after the massacre, arranging transport.
It's not the elite was the Kenyan roughly 370 kilometers (230 miles) west of the attack, Garissa told CNN that Kenyan and Nairobi-based journalists on.
Journalists on the ground corroborated.
Once the team entered, was quickly defused, journalists the source said.
Manoah, Kenya's president deputy, defended the response time, telling CNN there is criticism regarding "as fast as you or shouldn't."
"With hindsight you can say things could have been done better," he said, adding that Kenyan authorities "got the job done."
Foreign Minister Amina Mohamed echoed those remarks in a Monday CNN response was denying reports that it was the rapid response team alone that brought an end to the situation.
"We have a garrison and the the attack was a we were able to rescue of 800 students that had been taken hostage by terrorists.
The response was she said.
She repeated's assertion that the response comes only of hindsight.
"Obviously back on, but I can assure you we took very quick action as soon as,".
"Obviously is 20.
We do. "
The Kenyan government says Mohamed Mohamud is the mastermind of Thursday's terrorist attack on.
The Interior Ministry singled out Mohamud of Al-Shabaab,.
He is also known by aliases, it said.
Mohamud is "extensive network" according to ministry.
The ministry posted a "most wanted" notice for Mohamud.
Offers a reward of 20 million Kenyan.
"We appeal to with to relevant security agencies,".
In charge of external operations against Kenya,, he is the commander Al-Shabaab in charge of the region.
In this role, he border and is responsible for cross-border incursions in the country. "
Al-Shabaab in Somalia has brought him into conflict with Kenyan in the country.
"This is a man who has a lot" said associate University Life Sciences author of "Al-Shabaab Somalia Group."
Mohamud's extends Dadaab refugee camp, the document says.
Dadaab is the world's biggest refugee camp,, according to the United Nations.
's in Kenya's North Province near Somalia.
Attack, is about 150 kilometers (90 miles) from the Somali border.
's within "striking distance" of Mohamud's province, told CNN.
Mohamud terrorist attacks "
Garissa University College's slaughter Over the weekend, Al-Shabaab promised to bring "another bloodbath" in Kenya.
Though the terrorist group is based in Somalia, it hasn't confined its violence.
In 2013, militants attacked Nairobi's upscale Mall.
In the past December's attack on a quarry in the Somali border, which killed 36 people.
In that attack, Al-Shabaab separated non-Muslim workers from their Muslim counterparts and killed them.
Mohamud is Kenyan and has three siblings,, the document says.
From,, that has a Kenya and Somalia, Hansen said.
"The borders have been" he said.
CNN exclusive across the border, Kenya identified in Garissa University Abdullahi.
Abdullahi Daqare, a Kenya, told CNN.
Daqare is a Kenyan, he said.
His son graduated from Nairobi University months Daqare said in a phone interview.
"I received reports information (on) the son was," Daqare said.
"I told the government that the son is missing.
Their help to find whereabouts. "
He added that his son.
Daqare said he had "really given up."
On Sunday some of the more than 147 people at University College left bodies.
One woman almost had to.
"Why?
Why?
Are you, my children? "
She wailed.
Across, there was fear and grief.
News agency videotaped a man holding at a church as security searched people.
A church member told the "Nowhere is safe, but here you, you and just yourself."
National mourning for victims of Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta, began Sunday.
CNN's Purefoy and Leposo Garissa; Eliott Greg Atlanta; reported from Hong Kong.
(CNN) a and Kathy launched a business, Memories Pizza Co., in their Wisconsin town.
Were successful in their pizzas, pizzas and options,,.
They grew a base of loyal customers.
But was threatened this week when people began for Memories Pizza Indiana made headlines after its owners said they would refuse.
People posted angry comments on's Facebook page and called its phone number.
Almost overnight, Danke found debate over Indiana's controversial Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
"all afternoon" told CNN WBND and.
"All of a sudden Facebook page started,".
"I was shocked.
Like a wondering what's going on.
In, flood on Wednesday, April Fool's Day.
"I'm in the area to give intolerance my money!"
Wrote one commenter on Facebook.
Message hope bigotry puts said.
Indiana center of religious freedom thinks sparked by Googling "" the two businesses in separate states.
He and Danke tried to Facebook post "We are that company in Indiana nor do we condone their actions."
In response, they began getting messages of support on Facebook, along with sharp-tongued comments from supporters of other Memories.
Premeau said he got a call have off, apologizing for the mistake.
Still, he worries that damage to his pizza business may have been done.
(CNN) Two people, a, have been arrested after at least 55 were found in Queensland bush, Australian media reports.
Two residents, a man and a woman, were each charged with unlawful possession of a firearm ABC reported.
A trainer was also charged.
Michael Beatty, spokesman for RSPCA Queensland, told ABC.
Rights organization is assisting Queensland police in their investigation.
"the greyhound industry questioned it Queensland Police Service made those arrests," he said.
At a press conference Thursday, Queensland Police Minister Jo-Ann Miller described the discovery of carcasses,, as sickening.
"What I believe has happened here has been the mass murder of 55 greyhounds outside Bundaberg," she said.
Zero tolerance approach to animal abuse
"The people who have perpetrated this crime are and they are pathetic."
Detective Superintendent Mark Ainsworth said the crime scene was. "
"greyhounds were in different states of decay and indicate dumped of time," he said.
"The postmortem will reveal the cause of death of these dogs.
Will comment that a number of were found in the vicinity. "
He said there had been a bushfires in the area the which would also be factored into the investigation.
Beatty said it appeared have been culled by people involved in greyhound racing.
"There's been a lot of in the greyhound industry," he said.
"The indications are that these may just be young dogs that didn't,.
. "
Australia's greyhound racing has been under scrutiny since a television investigation revealing the use of live bait in training dogs aired in February.
Investigation, the ABC showed footage of fixing possums, to lures to be chased dogs, the sport.
Australians $4 billion () on greyhound racing, according to the report.
Ainsworth said the police had joint to investigate the industry in the wake of the report.
"yet," he said, appealing for those involved in the industry to come forward.
"who are involved, and time to be counted," he said.
"It will be a matter of time before we get to knocking on door."
Racing did not respond to a request for comment.
(CNN) the flight data recorder recovered from show to speed the plane according to the French accident investigation agency, the BEA.
The "box" was found Thursday by teams that have spent since the crash French Alps plane went down.
A statement from the BEA said had immediately its contents.
"The initial readout shows that the pilot used the autopilot into a descent towards altitude on several occasions, setting the) descent," it said.
"is continuing to establish the precise history of the flight."
The cockpit, recovered after the crash, had already led investigators to believe that deliberately to bring down the plane.
Prosecutors said Thursday that an analysis of a device from the 27-year-old's apartment in Dusseldorf revealed that he had and cockpit on the Internet.
The search history on the device demonstrated used it from March 16 to March 23, prosecutor Kumpa said.
The search was not revealed medical, the prosecutor said.
Investigators on's to establish.
The missing "black box" was expected to yield evidence about the plane's.
A digging by hand for a that searched found recorder afternoon about 8 inches (20 centimeters) below the surface, Marseille Robin.
White orange discovered recorder lived up to its name as had ashes.
, Out of DNA samples from the crash have isolated DNA, Robin told reporters.
"we've identified"'s 150 victims, Robin said noting.
Authorities found 470 at the site, according to Robin.
That number includes 40 cell phones those were badly damaged.
Cast doubt that any information could be retrieved from those phones.
That is officials' claims Wednesday, German French cell phone harrowing final on board.
Noting he made a request to German authorities conducting investigation, said he an involuntary homicide.
But noted that Lubitz made actions such as guiding the plane and its speed "" to the very end.
A European government official with knowledge of Lubitz's actions. "
There are holes in Lubitz's motivation the searches show that he planned to do, according to.
Calls for It is becoming increasingly clear to investigators that Lubitz was "afraid" he would lose his license to fly because of his medical issues, a source with detailed knowledge of the investigation told CNN on Thursday.
It's emerged that Lubitz had battled depression years before he took the of he had concealed his recent medical leave saying.
But the law enforcement source said, Lubitz relapsed with severe depression and.
The weeks leading up to,, five as, the source said he kept going from one doctor to the next, including from a sleep specialist.
Powerful medication's not clear it.
Opinion patient is a?
CNN's Margot Haddad reported from, London.
(CNN) As his military career winds down, Britain's Prince Harry is going to be spending some time down under.
The 30-year-old prince is due to arrive Monday in Australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces.
Harry "will work alongside the Australian Army in a number of Sydney, Darwin and Perth," the Australian Defence Forces said Thursday.
He has spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions during his 10-year military career, a spokesman said.
"Prince Harry served operational soldiers,".
Son of Prince Princess Diana Army his official title Royal.
He began his formal military duties in 2005.
He announced that he would be leaving the armed forces in June, describing the decision as "really tough."
Australian military the program will be. "
It will involve training in patrolling the bush, as well as aviation and exercises.
He'll also participate in activities training the Australian military.
Harry will also spend time meeting wounded and service members in Australia.
Wounded special interest for Prince Harry.
He continues to champion the Invictus Games for military personnel wounded in the line of duty.
Before he reports for duty Monday, the prince will lay a wreath at the war memorial in the Australian capital Canberra.
During his, will accompany Turkey anniversary.
(CNN) the front of Shiloh Baptist Church in West Baltimore as choir sang for a crowd gathered to honor Freddie Gray.
Died in police custody 15 days after he was arrested on a weapons charge.
Death spinal chord Baltimore Police Department.
Gray's death in custody is the latest in a string of high profile deaths involving law enforcement.
Answers about what happened and his funeral drew civil rights leaders, relatives.
Cummings spoke at the funeral "."
"the cameras" and reflected the attention Gray was receiving in death: "?"
Asked.
Said Gray joined the church in 2001.
He was in choir and was a junior usher.
"He loved church," Cummings said.
Gray played.
"Did you?"
Asked.
"There will't.
, Cummings said.
Gray also had a history of run-ins with the law.
CNN obtained more than 20 criminal court cases against Gray,.
The mostly drug-related charges charges from March of property.
Gray was due in court a April 24.
He had been in prison according to the.
Families United for Justice at the funeral.
Group of Eric Garner who died last July after a police officer put him in a chokehold.
Protests after grand jury declined to indict officer.
The group include was fatally shot by of a heart attack after police threw a stun grenade into her apartment during a botched raid.
Johnson, of the Task Force White Alcantara Office.
What happened to Gray remains a mystery.
His family said his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he slipped into a coma.
News of Gray smashed and getting medical care has triggered outrage across the country.
Protesters peacefully rallied on on.
A small group turned violent.
About a dozen young men smashed police cans,.
Some hurled bottles and other objects at police.
Others anger local businesses, looting a 7-Eleven,.
Police arrested 35 people, including four juveniles.
Officers suffered minor injuries during the chaos, which ended a week of civil.
Gray's sister deplored the violence.
"wants to 'please stop the violence,'" Gray said
Freddie Gray. "
City said its photo editor, J.M.
Giordano, was police while covering the protests.
The paper said Giordano was standing near when someone threw a rock at police.
Officers Giordano was out of the way.
"They just swarmed me," he said.
I got hit.
My head hit the ground.
They were then pulled out.
The incident was caught on video, Baltimore City posted online.
And Reuters photographer Gurbuz detained Saturday.
Officers called the detention of two journalists.
"One journalist (Gurbuz) was released with,," police said in a statement.
Journalist released without charges. "
Cell phone video of Gray shows him being dragged, with he.
Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said he was appalled that Gray did not receive proper care immediately.
He also said officers have Gray "" at at transport.
Batts also said there are no excuses for the Gray was not buckled into the transport.
Baltimore Police appear to be commissioner not to jump to any conclusions until the entire investigation is complete, President said in a written statement.
Five of the six officers have provided statements to investigators,.
The sixth officer has.
The preliminary's been completed, the office toxicology might to look at, authorities said.
Full report could.
Not Freddie Gray: Others Holly Yan reported from Atlanta; reported.
(CNN) skeleton of a used by the has been found in Austria.
The remains were uncovered by archaeologists from the University of Veterinary Vienna, the construction site for a shopping center in the city.
"The excavated skeleton was at first suspected to be a horse," archaeozoologist said.
", the jaw bones revealed that this was a camel."
Research in the journal "" archaeologists said Ottoman troops had around as reach, but that had never been conquered.
The Ottoman Army had ", camels said.
City not inhabitants and the were in contact, with historic documents the's the researchers said.
But they said it would be impossible to say how it got into the city.
"Its appearance linked to an exchange people with the troops left it behind.
, The citizens the town probably kept it as animal, '".
"quite and feeding, people did keep it."
While other camel bones have been found in Central Europe, this was unique.
The camel skeleton found in Central Europe and under the control of Ottoman Empire skeleton of dromedary from the on the part. "
Analysis confirmed it of a hybrid species, a "Tulu," the offspring of female and male Bactrian.
"species able hybrid offspring said
The camel is the first and genetically confirmed evidence of a camel. "
The camel was believed to handle.
Austrians with such a the skeleton's preservation.
As to Ottoman troops who have eaten flesh residents apparently buried camel whole.
"The dismemberment certainly is a scarce camel finds and is indicated by bones marks in particular.
However, the citizens buried this camel in a, the of a cellar researchers said.
In their report, the researchers said the was found on the site of an old tavern called der Rossmuhle. "
"The backfill of the cellar yielded masses of domestic ceramics (
Plates, pans and), pieces of a stove and enameled pipe bowls date filling the period, they said.
Dating and a medicine bottle from's operating from 1628-1665 helped the the site.
And affected Tulln in the century buildings were demolished, they said.
"at around 1690 time, offering space to bury the center of the report explains.
(CNN) They used to guarding at prisons.
Now behind bars.
Officers and one former have been charged in a plot to of, the Florida Attorney General's office said Thursday.
An informant met Driver, Moran and reported.
Told the informant that he had the inmate and he and wanted ", according to court documents.
To convince the suspects that the deed had been done, the FBI staged a fake homicide scene with the former inmate and took pictures to show them that he had been killed.
"When the FBI staged this crime scene and each of these men, they were happy about it,".
Three men are facing up to 30 years in jail if convicted on one count each of murder.
"We will not tolerate nor will we ever the violence of hatred in in this country," Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said.
Switzerland talks wrapped up Thursday in of world powers a framework agreement with Iran's nuclear program.
The agreement remains to be seen.
The parties have until the end to June to work out the details and put to paper.
The talks were historic,.
Not were.
, The negotiations a modern demonstration of diplomacy at its its most hectic.
The Geneva, Lausanne is certainly one of the places to be trapped for talks -- a sort of Camp David for the rich and famous.
Make no mistake: The site of negotiations is also a cage.
Over the course of the eight-day talks,, security details and reporters were the immediate area the five-star Beau-Rivage Hotel played host.
The first provided a major diplomatic event.
Signed there, breaking up the Ottoman Empire and modern-day Turkey.
The hotel has been a getaway for the occasional celebrity.
Lived there in the late 1940s and early 1950s, and her dog on the grounds, say.
Was, intense at times' the grounds are beautifully maintained.
A large-scale week for the nuclear.
For the negotiators, was meetings.
In an interview with CNN after the agreement, Secretary of State John Kerry said, "there was a seriousness".
"People negotiated hard," he added.
"It was tough,, and confrontational."
That sentiment was echoed by Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif as the talks were still going on.
18 months, said negotiators "respect" serious mistrust exists.
"We serious of -- mutual we -- and we this process of that," he added.
Media give-and-take made comments to reporters who swarmed during along the.
Ambushes were a frequent occurrence as reporters tried to what circulated through official channels.
Was seen on at least one occasion at both occasions prompting a cacophony of camera flashes.
Reporters briefly followed Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi as he took a morning jog shortly after his arrival in Sunday.
And Zarif took several with advisers and personnel take, making effort to bypass the television cameras around the clock.
The officials sometimes the also used bolster their during negotiations statements to reporters footing talks with their counterparts.
"People use you guys to deliver messages to the negotiation," a senior administration official who asked not to be named told reporters on back "the Iranians."
"I think they, the media to deliver the negotiation," the official said.
Different orbits 600 reporters were to cover.
These were based at the nearby Museum.
Traveling press covering the foreign ministers were given coveted badges allowing them access to the hotel, where the talks took place.
While journalists had to officials, usually cordoned off a media rooms and barred access to most of the building, first-floor restrooms and the restaurant's,.
Many found refuge in the more comfortable bar, and satellite trucks used the deadline.
For crowd dispersed to a dozen or so nearby restaurants, where they could enjoy 25-franc pizzas and hamburgers.
Popular around the corner offered --.
Deep breaths and closed-off wings of Beau-Rivage, the meetings was frantic as delegates gathered in conference rooms.
Urgency, both before and after the initial passed, to could leave other time commitments.
Was further on Kerry's plane could stay on standby the period.
"We'd close, we kept changing the plane,".
"It would go, it wouldn't go; we had to reset the clock."
On the the understanding announced had lapsed, Kerry and depart at 3 a.m. Friday.
Moments we'd'd as we could, "said,.
"we'd all take and try again."
But the most difficult night for negotiators was between Wednesday and Thursday the.
"It was a very, very intense," said the official.
"It went from 9 about 9 in the evening until 6 in the morning when we all decided we a, didn't know whether we, were all, exhausted."
"we went to sleep by, got 30 engaged on what the" official added.
Rushing to report the agreement the deal began to announcement were into motion.
The announcement that agreement sparked.
It was sent out by the European delegation, which spread the word to traveling press were still meeting.
To get out, reporter into media area, urging everyone.
An announcement.
Waiting to take the auditorium.
With that, devolved into chaos.
The eight-day-long diplomatic event had hit its.
April 8 on headlines and CNN drought: effects are becoming more likely across the nation.
There's a --.
And connect and via and.
Page today Transcript CNN Student News.
TRANSCRIPT to access the transcript of Student News.
Please note that there may be a delay between the time when and when the.
CNN Student News is created who consider the Common Core national areas and show.
CALL to be mentioned on the next CNN comment of this page with your school name,.
We will be selecting schools from the comments show.
You must be a a age 13 or older to request CNN Student News!
) National Guard to help quell riots in Ferguson that raged sporadically, the guard militarized words and protesters, according to CNN.
Guard law enforcement officers leaders accused of excessive force inflaming an already tense situation from August through the end of the year.
The National Guard's, contained in internal mission briefings obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request, is' riots.
The August 9 shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown by city police officer Darren Wilson.
A grand jury in the case.
"It's disturbing soldiers viewing citizens" in St. Louis.
The documents obtained by CNN detail that the Missouri National Guard was concerned about perceptions of with to stop using heavily militarized protesters.
Calibrating the timing of their deployment in November of the St. Louis County't dial up tensions voiced concern they were not deployed quickly enough.
"We are mobilization timelines to minimize backlash NG,", Army chief of staff at, informed officers in a email.
For mission sets to emphasize support militarization perception. "
Additionally, the National Guard worried language in the briefings.
Days before, an email from warned of potential language "."
That notification was sent to commanding officers that reference 'enemy' changed to state 'criminal. "
Still spokesman Capt.
Quinn defended the militarized language planning process deployment.
In an documents mission were "military utilized in military missions, the term would be 'threats.'
In operations, threats would include inclement, failing, etc. "
Comments emailed to CNN late Friday,, Quinn insisted that "the term 'enemy forces' early the order that leadership the language identified it as being" and the language was changed "ahead of the decision."
As early as Aug. 14 through, issued the inflammatory language numerous uses of the terms that were sent to a National Guard.
Though the National Guard's actions throughout the fall did not, some in Ferguson were displeased that the guardsman didn't do more to act against looters and vandals.
Ferguson criticized the at saying that ", the National Guard was not deployed to save businesses."
Quinn, in comments to CNN, it would not have been the National Guard's mission to confront those destroying businesses.
Force would guard sites of law enforcement entered businesses and arrested suspects.
Reveal concerned "adversaries operational
"are directed at supporting an information campaign.
Require the information to be accurate and swayed, one document read.
Titled "" the National Guard Ferguson players deemed "Friendly Forces" and "Enemy Forces."
Among groups hate groups were Rebels and Black, but "Protesters."
The document read: "Protesters have used Molotov cocktails and other debris to.
Small arms fire have occurred.
Elements may militants [sic] tactics taught RgB Black Rebels. "
Specifying soldiers face warned that, "rioters likely have gas masks and shields.
Bullet and may carry firearms. "
It further noted that "a possible attack is the use of Molotov cocktails against personnel and equipment.
The use destruction and disruption of the power grid through targeted attack. "
Briefed on intelligence capabilities "adversaries identify which threat forces may exploit,,," states.
Most likely to possess HUMINT open intelligence, (), capabilities ", which outlines Operations.
But the ways the National Guard lists for how can be obtained are more than social media and on conversations carries authorities.
"Overseas deployments are all about predictability," Col. Boyle of the National Guard August in of after.
"defense of civil authorities is about to quickly shifting."
(CNN) Australia, an ally of the United States, has agreed to share some intelligence.
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said "an informal arrangement" emphasis on tracking ISIS.
One Australian lawmaker described the move as "."
Over the weekend, Bishop became the first Australian government minister to visit Iran in 12 years, meeting with President Hassan Rouhani.
The intelligence-sharing deal was announced in an interview Bishop to the Australian in Tehran.
"During my discussions with, it was agreed that we could share intelligence on the foreign fighters from who are in Iraq," she said.
Iranians "to share that information with us," she added.
, Australia is citizens to travel to Iraq to join ISIS, which calls itself the Islamic State.
U.S.-led coalition ISIS.
During the fight against Sunni extremist group has Iran ties with the Iraqi government.
Iran-backed militias played an important role in to take the Iraqi city from ISIS jihadists.
"Iran has a relationship with Iraq, and as you point out, they have a strong military presence there.
They the are within Iraq, "she said.
"So they are in Iraq,.
Lot of information "
Sunday, declined to give details of the agreement with Iran.
"information that will be of interest to us, and if we have information that would be of interest to our purpose in defeating Daesh, then that's appropriate," she said, using an alternative name.
Andrew Wilkie, an Australian member of parliament, criticized the plan.
"The Foreign Minister that Australia is entering into with the regime in Tehran," according to the Australian
A 110-day chase spanning from Antarctic waters had an unlikely end the alleged poaching vessel pursuing.
Group Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder -- subject an Interpol "" ship the Bob Barker encountered in the Southern Ocean.
The pursuit ended Monday in the coast of west Africa, when received a distress call from the Thunder.
"We were away the ship was sinking and abandoning," said spokesman Adam Burling.
Crew 40, provided. "
Hammarstedt said the the ship had been handed over to the Sao Tome coastguard.
He said he hoped the authorities would work with the vessel.
"We obviously want to see the Thunder," the Barker, at sea west of.
Hammarstedt said he believed the Thunder was deliberately sunk to destroy physical evidence.
"I'm 100% captain of the Thunder destroyed ship," he said.
Hammarstedt said he crew the down.
"Usually when a vessel is sinking is all hatches to," he said.
"the Thunder had been opened, including leading to the."
He said his crew had retrieved from that handed.
They also retrieved a fish from the ship fish he said.
He said the fish was a toothfish, claims the Thunder was they were encountered in the Southern Ocean.
More surprising was the reaction of the captain of the Thunder as his ship went under,.
"When the vessel went completely, the Thunder was started which was very unusual behavior for a skipper ship," he said.
The pursuit began after Barker vessel off Antarctica,.
He claimed the vessel was found with its nets in illegally toothfish.
The dropped scene Sea Shepherd was in $3 million about 72km, he claimed.
", these remote regions," he said.
The Bob Barker, supported by Sea Shepherd vessel, pursued the Gulf.
, Burling claimed, the Barker narrowly avoided being rammed by the vessel while its were grappling hooks.
The rescue had the of tensions between the two vessels, said Burling.
"We worried what they might be to our crew, they might be hostile or to us," he said.
But the Indonesian crew the the seemed relieved.
The officers -- who he believed -- were less so.
"Perhaps they would have preferred to have been rescued by option," he said.
An Interpol notice, released of New Zealand in December 2013, put out information information the illegal vessel.
It said the vessel had changed its name registration number of times its fishing activities sailed "" of Nigeria.
The Interpol notice said "", but said it had previously been owned by companies Nigeria.
Interpol confirmed Tuesday that the remained.
It said it had monitored the situation noted.
"Interpol does not we remain available to any national authorities in case assistance is requested," it told CNN.
(CNN) An improvised bomb exploded near a U.N. vehicle the Somali city of Monday, killing six people -- the.
Somalia's President called it "an attack against the country."
The attack follows a separate incident Sunday in which three African Union troops died in an ambush in the Shabelle region.
The terrorist group claimed responsibility for Monday's attack about 8 a.m. in Puntland region, according to the United Nations Assistance Mission in Somalia.
The victims were foreigners and were Somalis, said Ahmed, the police chief.
UNICEF, the agency said four of the dead.
Four workers were in serious condition, the agency said.
The bomb went off a vehicle taking workers from.
Police said the bomber.
The bomber also died in the attack, according to authorities.
The representative secretary-general for Somalia, condemned the attack on his Twitter account.
"Shocked and loss of life," he said.
's President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud said he was horrified by the attack.
"This attack is not just targeted at the United Nations,, attacked Somali children.
An attack condemn it in the strongest possible terms, he said.
UNICEF called Somalia dedicated to improving the lives of others. "
Terrorist group, caused outrage this month by carrying out an attack on a university.
Nearly 150 people, most of them students, died in that attack.
Sunday incident, three African Union troops were ambushed in the Shabelle region.
The African Union Commission for Somalia, or AMISOM, said that the a "fight".
"This attack on is part of the continuous effort to Somalia.
It is the across all by the enemies of the Somali people.
Our.
Will remain committed to, said AMISOM Ambassador Maman Sidikou.
(CNN) Most days, Jason walks around: might.
He of.
Is enrolled in Huntley High's program, which merges a classroom.
One-third of the school's students are enrolled.
2015, working the majority of students.
"Having work online makes it accessible that I have," said junior who a of with schoolwork.
"I can learn.
I work at the pace I want.
The way to learn.
Huntley and educators refer to the program blended. "
It allows curriculum students giving.
Online learning programs, students have during days.
Some and some days work online, according to Anne who heads the educational technology efforts.
"we focus on content.
Focus on needing cover, Pasco said.
"environment that gives students a bit the safety net of back class if they need it."
"which in, students certain content areas more during the school day, Pasco said.
"Before, that school or school Saturday activities that () academic day," said.
Student can work one-on-one with teacher during school day. "
Teachers can monitor students' plans how much on.
Teachers are on students' needs
"There's actually much better," said Burkey, the superintendent for High's 9,500 students.
"learning program isn't spending money on technology.
What students need and culture of innovation "
Said there were plenty of questions about when it was first introduced to the district in 2011.
Concern the district pay for it?
The blended learning program spends about $8,500 less than the Illinois average.
"We spend considerably less than the district.
We have resources compared to districts, said.
We did not new.
What we did is change the old things we were doing and.
A change school.
More. "
It has worked.
Students at Huntley High said that with the blended learning experience,.
The school is also seeing higher testing scores.
"The growth of blended certainly rise ACT scores," district spokesman Armstrong said.
Learning was implemented,'s score has gone up nearly a point.
For 16-year-old Zobott management.
His courses are advanced placement.
He also plays varsity and works part time.
The blended helps prioritize his schedule.
"blended gives time to work, and done efficiently time to do other things," he said.
What's still to be determined about blended learning is how well students do in college Burkey said.
"I think we're still in the infancy of this,".
"and excited about it.
Havana, Cuba (CNN) Charlie Hill sits in a dark bar on a sunny day.
"" says's and you have been looking for him.
But have Hill for a long time.
For has Hill from charges that he killed a New Mexico police officer and hijacked an airliner to Havana.
Hill,, give CNN an interview to reach him.
He wants to discuss for the first time his to.
Talking more, Hill finishes his of beer and takes a his of cigarette.
Out into the sunlight to a park give his reasons why he long from the law.
"I miss my country," he said, his voice cracking.
My family.
Go and.
Eat.
Even go to.
. "
And he is revolutionary.
The French can.
States and Cuba are working to ties, but cases like Hill.
Mexico, where Hill's case has been open, followed up from the Gov.
Susana Martinez pursue Hill's extradition.
Opening Cuba say is of and State Department of.
State Dept.
Removing Hill, now 65, may extradite, saying the United States and Cuba could mean an end to the,, if jail time.
New Police Chief said he welcomed the Hill's surrender.
"I.
Return to face charges against him on the. "
Charlie Hill began on November 8, 1971, when he and two other men and Ralph Goodwin Albuquerque.
Three men were members of militant group to South for African-Americans.
They were on the way from California to the South with a car loaded with the cause.
New Mexico State Police Officer Rosenbloom pulled over rented, the Kassetas.
At 10: 41, Rosenbloom called in according to Law Enforcement.
Fourteen minutes later the dispatcher radioed Rosenbloom but was unable to reach him.
A police officer arriving at the scene found Rosenbloom's body lying face down on the road,.
A bullet wound to his throat.
Rosenbloom his flashlight, according to records of the New Mexico Law Enforcement Memorial.
Was found with three military rifles,, materials and hundreds of rounds of ammunition Hill copped to sedan Rosenbloom refused to say who shot the policeman.
"I am not a cop killer.
I am a freedom fighter, said.
"I a killed Vietnamese authorized.
People. "
, Hill said the men in the desert an escape plan 250 officers.
"We had to go hijacked plane," Hill said.
The three men,, at gunpoint, crashed through a fence onto Albuquerque International Airport the gangway to TWA Flight 106.
Elizabeth Walthall was a flight attendant aboard the Boeing 727 when the fugitives.
"They were dirty out," she told home.
Walthall, 72, said Charlie a blade.
"He told me he is no butter knife.'
I told him, 'Well, piece of bread.' "
, She said, knife.
Finney pointed a pistol at, Walthall said,.
"would shoot us killed,".
The hijackers ordered the crew to fly to Africa.
Informed the plane fly they changed their destination.
To Cuba told.
The knew Cuba would most likely.
In 1959, Washington to the regime streamed to Miami to escape Castro,.
A hijackings soon followed.
Cuba became with as a reach U.S. law enforcement.
Went to Cuba said.
To Havana, flight attendant said she served the bottles.
When they finished, she saved the bags so U.S. later would have their.
After landing, said she last saw Hill and the other hijackers as soldiers escorted them off the plane.
Years later, said she experienced flashbacks the and prayed for Hill.
"he is a" she said.
Revolutionary Cuba disappointed Hill.
Denied his request for military training revolutionary Africa.
Instead he was put to work cane construction and a clothing store.
One of, he said him Fidel Castro's older brother.
"He a just like Fidel," remembered.
"He was, we were."
In 1996, then-New Mexico Rep. Bill Richardson traveled to Cuba to discuss's extradition with Fidel Castro.
"I talked to Fidel and he said way under no circumstances would he turn over they were".
A signal Hill wouldn't be allowed.
Is now the last of the trio of hijackers.
U.S. officials said in to cancer.
Twice, Hill has children on the island he leaving to return to the United States.
He wants to visit his daughter who was 6 years old and who he hasn't seen since.
Of the five he has in United States.
Gone as far as Mexico in case he decides to negotiate.
His Cuban is a meager $10 a month, he said.
Not nearly enough for his son.
Hill said he a babalao,, but still hasn't.
He admitted he smokes many unfiltered Cuban cigarettes.
Has held onto Hill and for the moment.
He said he is fine with that
", he said.
"If the Cuban government feels me going is for the benefit of people,.
I don't. "
As the Hill lights another.
A group of Americans Havana's car pull up to the park.
They have no idea they are feet away from a wanted fugitive, Hill would say's.
Hill isn't in touch.
't phone.
Too poor, he says.
He won't say where he in.
He has.
As he walks off, once again, he is gone.
(CNN) Misao Okawa, the world's oldest person according to Guinness World Records, has died at the age of 117.
Okawa passed away Wednesday morning in Osaka, Japan,,.
Grandchildren.
Okawa was born on March 5.
Her a shop in Osaka,, where she had lived since told.
"She was a person character, loved to eat so much.
Food "Yoshioka said
"She had eaten a lot last 5."
"However, she stopped eating.
I think was her motivation to and, she passed away. "
(CNN) Pope Francis reminded the world state and as a moral speech the end.
The Pontiff lamented the suffering of people in conflicts currently making headlines and called end.
Foremost, he asked that bloodshed in Iraq and Syria and those in need.
"May the international humanitarian countries the," he said, "."
He turned to the Holy Land the peace process between Israelis and Palestinians.
Francis mentioned Libya; talks with Iran in;; and the shooting at Garissa University College in Kenya.
He also hoped for peace in Ukraine and healing for those who have suffered.
Ask for peace to and part of criminal groups, "
He asked for peace, officials with.
Pope ended consoling the, sick.
Easter.
(CNN) University students marched Wednesday afternoon chanting "
A noose was found hanging from a tree on campus.
Officials have information about the noose found near a student center police.
Photos of the noose prompted outrage from the community as they were passed.
At a forum held on the Duke, to where the of people gathered.
"You reason you want to say 'This is no Duke we accept.
This is no Duke.
This is not the Duke we're here to experience.
Not Duke here '"Duke President Richard Brodhead told the crowd.
The incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students.
Last month a fraternity at the University of Oklahoma had the N-word and in.
Students were expelled.
In February, a noose was hung around a University.
A statement issued said a directed at students on campus.
In the news release, the vice president for student affairs called the incident a "cowardly act."
"committed this hateful and stupid act, I just want to say that if your intent was to create fear, it will have the opposite effect,".
(CNN) A U.S. citizen with ties to al Qaeda Thursday on charges of conspiring to provide material support to terrorists.
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, to the United States.
He's accused of plotting against American forces abroad, according to a complaint unsealed in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York in Brooklyn.
"This is for," counterterrorism analyst.
"reason you look at would the guy is an attack.
Instead, him....
He's going to by.
Going to or known in Pakistan who understands the,, how you stay out of law enforcement and understands.
People.
A because he was a potential bomber.
Court federal prosecutors announced the arrests of two women accused of planning to build an explosive device on U.S. soil.
The women, 28, and,, the terrorist and weapon, according to a criminal complaint.
They are both U.S. citizens and were of Queens.
And to Pakistan other fighting American forces abroad, prosecutors said.
In the past 18 months, the Justice Department's National Security Division is prosecuting 30 cases of people attempting to provide support to terrorist groups.
Cases, allegedly involve ISIS.
"how the terrorist threat is evolving, how the terrorist threat is evolving,, Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told reporters Thursday.
"The terrorist threat is more, more complicated.
Lone, media. "
A Texas native, co-conspirators conspired to al Qaeda from 2006 to 2009, according to the complaint.
According to documents U.S..
"provided material support to terrorists," Director said in a statement.
Our military are safer. "
, Another man named Ferid Imam and a third left Canada for Pakistan inform their families said.
The three men were students at the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Canada.
Prosecutors in Canada Pakistan say that from becoming martyrs.
Imam allegedly provided weapons at an al Qaeda camp in Pakistan to three men -- Najibullah, Ahmedzay and Adis.
The trio prosecutors.
Zazi have pleaded guilty.
Sentenced.
Medunjanin sentenced.
Has been indicted for his role in the plot.
If convicted, Farekh faces a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison.
(CNN) The sun risen at Garissa University College.
Most slept in their beds.
A few had to early morning prayers.
The terror began.
It started with an explosion 5: a.m (
ET) at the Kenyan school's front gates.
The attackers continued as they stalked through the Red Cross saying.
At one point, they burst into a room where Christians took hostages, said.
A student in Kubasu, CNN the terrorists indiscriminately, striking.
"Then they proceeded to" told CNN, referring to the dorm, "shooting they except their fellows Muslims."
According to AFP, the gunmen separated the students by allowed Muslims.
Be consistent with the past practices of Al-Shabaab, the Somalia-based terror group that's claimed responsibility.
What did a Kenyan village, near the Somali border, that killed.
Hundreds managed to escape,,.
Some ran.
Some crawled.
Their lives.
And they were the lucky ones.
Hours after the attack began the explosions and.
Announced that four were killed and the operation ended. "
, 147 people were dead and plans were underway and, "the Kenya National Centre tweeted.
"very sad day" said.
At one point, were believed to be in the dormitories.
Others Ayora managed to find safety in case at staff residence.
Others escaped the grounds.
Okari, told CNN he saw about 200 people in the scorching corner of Garissa airstrip, surrounded by officials.
One student, Japhet Mwala, recalled to AFP how "everyone started running" and gunshots.
"There were able to leave the where and started firing," said.
"I jumped through the fence with students."
Rosalind fled into a nearby field with bullets. "
She escaped but her friends did not.
"We saw," Mugambi told AFP, "."
Such terrorism, sadly, isn't Kenya.
's largely Al-Shabaab.
While it is based in Somalia, the militant group incursions into most a Nairobi.
Primary is thought to be sowing terror.
There's a religious, given's goal of creating a state, according.
That aim isn't in particularly Kenya, where more.
Such violence is likely, given its location 90 miles west of the Somali border.
What makes Thursday's attack different is what targeted an institute, presumably with innocent students in the Kenyan and allied governments Al-Shabaab.
Taliban and respectively a school, Pakistan, and more than a school.
Garissa College began,, into its current form as a degree-granting institution in 2011.
The school had education, information science and arts sciences.
And growing its staff of 75 set to 200 by year's end, according to the website.
Too early to tell the University.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta urged people around the nation "to stay calm as we matter."
"This is a moment," said, "for everyone throughout the country to be vigilant as we continue to confront our enemies."
A border cross-boundary fire exchange with militants, Saudi Press Agency reported Thursday -- Saudi Arabia's first since it launched its neighbor.
The clash occurred Wednesday at the fired border,, reported.
Besides the slain guard -- identified as
Salman Ali Yahya al-Maliki -- 10 others, the Saudi said.
On Thursday, Houthi rebels seized the presidential palace in the southern city of Aden, a official and two Houthi commanders told CNN.
The where President fled last month period after Houthis secured the capital in January.
Security official, Houthis control Aden.
Yemeni special forces loyal to President Ali Abdullah Saleh arrived ", a Saudi official with knowledge of the situation told CNN
"I can confirm that Saudi special forces have landed loyal small.
, The intelligence official said.
U.S. Navy were patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping shipments from Iran in Yemen, a U.S. official told CNN.
The Navy came across a ship that had left an Iranian port, the official said.
Based on the route of the ship from Yemen "" and requested permission to search it.
The ship was found carrying cement and materials,.
Was sent on its way.
Has been smuggling into Yemen as well Navy has maintained a presence there.
The official said fighting in the last several days in southern Yemen has other help civilians.
Claire, an International Red Cross spokeswoman in Sanaa, described as "."
"are struggling out of.
, She said
In Aden due to intense fighting. "
Hospital fighting forced to shut down.
(CNN) may "divorce" to York said is an acceptable way for a Brooklyn woman to serve her husband.
Arthur been trying for several years, according to attorney Spinnell.
But,, he and his client haven't been able to find him.
To her husband "he has told no address and no place of employment," according to court documents.
"He has also refused to make himself available to be served," the document said.
Ways of serving the papers, filed an application asking for "service by" in this case social media.
In his decision, Cooper said the "social media" Facebook "through which a summons."
Before agreed to her, Baidoo her husband on account.
Spinnell said's her families court documents.
Spinnell said, "."
Spinnell said he contacted Blood-Dzraku twice on Facebook, but has yet to hear back.
If Blood-Dzraku refuses the summons, said judge can move forward with "divorce" for his client.
April, 2015 An Middle Eastern country has become a potential war.
CNN Student News, hear an explainer on why Yemen is the focus of global concern.
Report on the origins of Day, we how and we Character on a steering kids to a better life.
Page today Transcript CNN Student News.
TRANSCRIPT to access the transcript of Student News.
Please note that there may be a delay between the time when and when the.
CNN Student News is created who consider the Common Core national areas and show.
CALL to be mentioned on the next CNN comment of this page with your school name,.
We will be selecting schools from the comments show.
You must be a a age 13 or older to request CNN Student News!
(CNN) the polls on the debate between David Cameron, Ed Miliband of the Liberal Democrats, Nigel Farage of the Independence Party, the Green Party, Nicola Sturgeon of the Scottish National Party and of,, there was no clear winner.
Comres for ITV staged the debate had Cameron, Miliband and Farage tied and Sturgeon 20.
ICM for The Guardian scored Miliband 24, Farage 19 and Sturgeon 17.
Times put Sturgeon first with 28 points to Farage,.
In the 1950s,: Conservatives combined votes.
But nowadays national vote.
In anti-politics age nationalists and others the leaders' TV debate was no gladiatorial contest outcome.
Rather it was a cacophonous shouting all parties' supporters which little new insight the undecided.
From a highly can take lessons:, Cameron is to have refused to go verbal.
He has risked being labelled a coward but.
Miliband has the British media over and presented him as an awkward.
Labour's perfectly capable debater.
Could gain.
As election time exposure seen as a leader improve.
The electoral strengths and weaknesses of the two leaders.
Earlier before audience, Cameron proved vulnerable on broken promises to cut immigration number contracts and on being too rich in his taxation.
Has looked promises to continue the deficit curb also is still audiences knifed David leader's.
The impression is that Britain's voters don't like the trust the.
Miliband by his to tough "i" too much.
Cameron on.
Of Seven Up debate many viewed no the leaders, Sturgeon of the Scottish National Party Cymru.
But Sturgeon the was.
And.
Number of seats, currently to win 50 of the 59 Westminster seats in Scotland,.
Last time Labour those seats: The more the SNP take, the weaker Labour's chance of a majority will be.
Won the SNP it could be opponents.
If there was a "winner" in the debate it was Nicola Sturgeon.
In the 2010 debates the the Liberal Democrats.
Main party leaders Nick. "
By entering coalition government (which has been a key element in), Clegg previous.
His party price notably.
As any of rating.
Perception.
Groups plenty of for the Greens and even for's got hardly a mention.
The United Kingdom Independence Party remains the joker in the pack.
The party Cameron "" is serious and the many seemed to cost it some momentum.
UKIP, more is vehicle for for.
Grinning Farage's blokey manner goes down well with audiences and he.
His party win but ensured they can still tip the balance in contests, the Labour.
Traded the edge of political by insisting the debate% he from leaders.
Media, dominated by the, that boo.
To election debate you need to avoid,, to offer excitement that gives your campaign the chance to develop momentum.
You need to produce vivid soundbites debates into campaign.
Succeeded in doing this campaign.
The are worth their money.
The emphasis has been on yet scored exciting goal.
As the campaign.
April 3, 2015, Pacific.
California historic is've.
We discuss religious this weekend we look at related U.S. National Parks.
All featured this CNN Student News.
Page today Transcript CNN Student News.
TRANSCRIPT to access the transcript of Student News.
Published.
For version (
1.
To replace Goodluck with?
2.
Mission.
3.
Known as and?
4.
Despite his likely taller than?
5.
Is against following by?
6.
Virus appears, cases have increased in what African?
7.
During European history was described that's now showing effectiveness against?
8.
Have certain insects of the family,.
These.
9.
Water is Typhoon, which is in?
10.
What will be the world?
CNN Student News is created who consider the Common Core national areas and show.
CALL to be mentioned on the next CNN comment of this page with your school name,.
We will be selecting schools from the comments show.
You must be a a age 13 or older to request CNN Student News!
Dubai (CNN) It's with some trepidation that I set off for camel race in Dubai.
As Gulf national, I expected to be an ancient.
But in kandora UAE outlook on life.
A cheerful leads us inside the majlis -- meeting area -- the gathering.
The the majlis feels.
The owners are sitting on the floor,, traditional Arabic, in front of them.
The conversation is loud and exciting.
We take our place on the floor and the world of camel racing open up.
The conversation is all about camels; the breeds old champions,, losers and winners.
Over coffee and as jockeys -- this is the times.
Once is head to the racing.
There will be 14 races through the afternoon.
And in addition to the and prestige, camels are racing for and their owners.
's how spectacular camel can be.
The thoroughbred racehorses, camels are indeed.
But pounding around a track is a sight to behold, their hooves throwing.
Hang of while trying to keep up with.
It is beautiful.
The winning camels are paraded with pride, in bright golden and applauded.
As we excitedly watch race draw across the of this metropolis.
(CNN) How can more than 200 Nigerian simply disappear?
The Nigerian government and the world have this?
Exactly 365 days have passed since the girls were snatched from their school in the, Nigeria.
They are.
Shame that we live in a world where lives can be shattered with fanatical.
Shame that such horrendous acts, our collective.
A could never have imagined today, marking the grim 12-month milestone of these girls going missing.
Much of the world stood as one, rallying around the hashtag BringBackOurGirls.
On the ground Nigeria was buoyed by global solidarity.
A year, the to # BringBackOurGirls Caught in the global attention and tide of bungled kidnappings, the Nigerian government was to take offers from the likes of the US, UK, France, and China.
After promise was made by officials that the girls would come home -- where are they, where is these broken and broken dreams?
My heart goes out to the grief-stricken loved ones of missing girls on.
Poor and marginalized many of them have their hope that girls will return.
Escaped lives to The task of keeping that hope alive has been taken up by the handful of campaigners in Nigeria.
These women have worked tirelessly to keep the story alive the struggle has been a painful.
But they have to meet the Bring Back Girls now! "
At will not be easy.
It can be done.
It must be done.
Offers solidarity, love, hope 'to abducted schoolgirls These girls are no different: each has hopes and dreams of their own.
I believe there is another reason must be reunited with their families in the words: a everywhere.
We are an of mutuality, a single garment.
Whatever affects, affects us all. "
Compels this shameful wrong.
(CNN) It sounds like a movie.
A horrific accident winds up in the brain on life support.
The, but instead as lives donate the body to save just one.
Outmatches their body.
Crazy put on,, Italian physician Sergio Canavero are approaching for venture is connecting parts.
The pieces are coming together but there are still hurdles to jump.
Part of the he can't yet disclose from funding.
He's also taking the 2015 approach with and.
He has identified Valery Spiridonov as the first patient.
The 30-year-old man suffers from a genetic disorder called.
Canavero says the man.
Talked but they have Canavero has not records.
Canavero says he has of people who want this procedure.
Many of them who want a new body, he says.
But he insists the first will be suffering from a muscle disease.
Another big need for a.
Canavero can't just do this lab.
A major academic medical center host has his eyes set on the United States.
He hopes to get when he presents his plan to Neurological annual conference in June.
Green light he needs for human head transplant in 2017.
Nick,, the group is endorsing Canavero, giving him a platform to hear what he has to say.
If Canavero doesn't get the support he needs in the United States, he'll look to China and his slide a year.
Once these pieces are in place, Canavero says he'll put together a staff of 150 nurses.
Like the patient already identified be part of this team.
Then they need to practice for what is anticipated to be a 36-hour operation.
"say years is needed for the team to reach perfect synchronization,".
But?
Is such an idea plausible?
He says research.
Canavero transplanted the head of one monkey to the body.
The monkey died after eight days because the the head.
Before ithe monkey died it could not move because the spinal cord and body were not connected.
The monkey also was unable to breathe on its own.
The paper Canavero outlined his procedure references a different 1971 experiment White survived more than 24 hours.
But Canavero says in since then White.
Dr. Hunt Batjer, chairman of neurological surgery at of the American Association for Neurological Surgeons, says's is not validation for a human.
"[It's] a reference in a there is no evidence that the spinal cord was anastomosed" he says.
Batjer it a great leap to go from brain the surgery to restoring body, not look at.
Canavero is confident in his writing and in.
He cites's and helped paralyzed rats walk, giving the research to to to human clinical trials.
His paper online Surgical.
He walks through, outlining the key points will cooling the spinal cord before severing it.
So blade the spinal cord injury, he says.
'll use "" to fuse the spinal cord together and a few what could be.
The, and is.
An impossibility, according to Batjer.
He conceded that the airway, veins and arteries can all be put together but the spinal cord is the problem.
He says the result would be inability to move or breathe.
Are a lot worse than death, says.
't support director of medical ethics at NYU Langone Medical Center.
He says it's a big stunt Canavero. "
Caplan says this has to be done before it's tried on humans.
Caplan points out, he should first be helping patients by cords,.
For patients, says bodies would end up with used to they.
In Canavero says issues could be a problem as body.
He also says pain could be a problem.
Canavero points to's as evidence this.
Caplan isn't buying it.
How difficult it is face transplants.
The medications high they put patients at.
Doesn't a new with immunosuppressant head transplant work.
Another issue Caplan has seen with face transplant patients is they don't get of their new organ.
"It's not like you can unscrew your head and put it on someone else," says.
Dr. Robert,, calls it unlikely.
He says this is more centuries years.
"It would be impossible to into the future," says.
(CNN) war Gregory Margolin.
Now 87 years old, he was a 16-year-old Jewish when he fought.
Nazis in World War II, his family.
"that was Jewish
"But killed.
. "
In Ukraine, war.
A sniper who rose to be a commander in the army.
Is still adorned with medals from his time in the military.
His granddaughter Liora marvels at his stories from the war.
He managed to survive.
Suffering that impairs memory, he struggles to remember,.
As the right word.
Or the memory.
His hands shake ever so slightly.
It seems he knows he has.
He remember the details.
"People were hiding in shelters under the ground, says of the stories told.
"They were being shot at point blank range.
It was. "
"[The Nazis] erased us," Margolin remembers.
"They attacked us and we fought back."
After the war, settled.
His family grew.
He built a life.
Then,,
"was destroyed.
We attacked, "
"fell.
. "
Margolin lived in a neighborhood next to the Donetsk airport, in Eastern Ukraine separatists battled the Ukrainian army.
Had survived one,, the stray missile hit his house.
It killed his daughter
"we decided.
Now we're to Israel, ".
. "
Margolin in Israel on March 24.
Asked why the family waited to leave the war-torn region, says they in, safety from.
"afraid of the war and it's, is."
Margolin wave of Ukrainian Jewish immigration to Israel that coincided with.
The Fellowship of Jews, an organization that works to build interfaith support, has brought 600 Jews to Israel Margolin among them.
Rabbi Yechiel says, "We set up a refugee center.
Holocaust has had a center for Jews who are fleeing to. "
Among Jews Israel, Holocaust survivors.
Yom's Holocaust Jews, these stories of survival with.
Jews who struggled to survive once fleeing to survive.
"Most of the] Holocaust survivors or Holocaust survivors.
These are people, able to to survive the Holocaust. "
One of these people able to survive the Holocaust as a soldier in the Army.
It is impossible to forget.
(CNN) Al Qaeda has a in a Yemen offering 20 gold to anyone who kills or captures two prominent opponents, the Yemen.
The Arabian Peninsula, in a news release and wanted poster distributed online, offers the reward for capture of Houthi leader Abdelmalik Al-Houthi President Ali Abdullah Saleh.
Converted, the $
AQAP referred to Al-Houthi and Saleh. "
AQAP is one of several factions fighting to control Yemen.
Sunni a enemy Houthi faction, Iran.
Houthi rebels -- who have long complained of being in the majority -- forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January.
The Houthis, allied fighters loyal to Saleh, have since faced groups including.
Arabia and other predominantly Sunni nations last month began airstrikes against the rebels.
A fighting, the United Nations said Wednesday.
A expert on refugees said nations should prepare for "displacement".
"The international community must prepare for a worst case scenario, London said.
The ground is extremely bleak and humanitarian urgency. "
Mogadishu, Somalia (CNN) Gunmen stormed the headquarters of education ministry on Tuesday after a suicide bombing killed 12 people and injured others.
The Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab is responsible for the attack in the center of Mogadishu, spokesman said.
The attack began when suicide bombers detonated the entrance of the two-story building housing the Ministry of Culture & Higher Education, National Security spokesman Mohamed Yusuf said.
Five gunmen entered the building, shooting people inside,.
Security guards at the building,, Somali forces battled the gunmen, witnesses said.
From, Somalia support the fight against Al-Shabaab teamed with Somali forces to kill the five, Yusuf said.
The attack killed four Somali soldiers,.
Special forces helped people out, Capt.
Mohamud Abdi said.
Ali Hassan, who helped the.
Somalia-based Al-Shabaab has battled the country's government for years, aiming to turn the nation into a fundamentalist Islamic state.
The group Somalia.
What is Al-Shabaab, and what does it want?
, Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College.
Terrorists.
In Somalia, Al-Shabaab has been blamed for attacks that have killed international journalists, leaders and African Union peacekeepers.
Late last month, militants detonated and sprayed a Mogadishu hotel, leaving at least 20 people dead in an attack that lasted a number of hours.
Ismail Bari-Bari, Somalia's permanent representative to the United Nations.
Journalist Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu.
Miami (CNN) World heavyweight champion Wladimir Klitschko but his thoughts continue to ongoing democracy in Ukraine.
Speaking to CNN of the showdown Klitschko said his homeland.
"My country is suffering war -- that Ukraine to other nation, in Russia, it way".
"I thought that our is going to have war, that Ukrainians and Russians are going to be divided," he added.
"Unfortunately, we and going to.
Ukraine.
WBA,, brother Vitali, the heavyweight in the 21st century.
Vitali retired is a prominent figure in Ukrainian politics.
Has led the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance since was elected in May last year.
Tensions in the Soviet state remain high despite February as,, between the two sides.
The crisis in Ukraine began in November 2013 when former President Victor Yanukovych scuttled a trade deal with the European Union in favor of closer economic ties with Russia.
Triggered a wave of anti-government protests came to Kiev's Maidan Square in February 2014 when clashes between protesters and government security forces left around 100 dead.
Russian troops entered Ukraine's Crimean peninsula before Russian President Vladimir Putin completed the annexation of Crimea -- a move denounced by -- after citizens of the region.
More than 5,000 people have been killed to date.
"in Ukraine," Klitschko said
"I want to see it, it's hard to believe something like that in Ukraine is can happen."
But of the international community, Klitschko is confident Ukraine can rather than towards a Soviet-era.
"I want this conflict to be solved and solved with Western help," he said.
"Ukraine to becoming.
This is our decision and this is to get what we want
Wants to to the Soviet be Union we.
We want to be in freedom
"We have many things moving forward to the world we live under a dictatorship."
Klitschko a wide-ranging interview for CNN Human to, is in Ukraine but also home whenever he can.
As much time as I spend in the Ukraine.
It's not from mass and and judgments what.
It's an presence and understanding inside...
Affects my life, my family. "
The 39-year-old and Hayden happier when gave birth,.
"to that I'm a father, which is really exciting.
'm going to have multiple kids, he said.
Klitschko isn't sure when he'll finally hang up his gloves.
"I don't know how long I can motivation and health have to be there."
After leaving his boxing bruised -- is seeking an -- is keen his own country's in way outside the ring.
"I just really want we have violence in the world...
I hope in we but we have then it's dull.
(CNN) Ray is old.
In many ways, he --.
Like a, tucking into bed all strange for Hinton nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row.
Ago out of jail
"I have to pinch myself myself," he told CNN on Friday.
"It's going to take a little get used to."
Hinton had to get worse.
For he spent most of his time locked in cell.
There was no outside.
Only was a plastic.
In the outside passed Hinton said in 2002 he died.
Hinton was convicted of killing two Birmingham-area Vason -- but he said he was innocent.
Years on death charges in 2014 experts testified the said to could not be matched to the case.
The two killings also couldn't be linked.
Talking to CNN, Attorney Brandon Falls said the evidence simply wasn't there to the case.
Falls pointed out that that ballistics evidence was "inconclusive" as to whether the bullets came from the gun.
Crime did identify Hinton, witness have since died, Falls said.
's ordeal, guns convict Hinton should have been 1985, "It."
The last time Hinton Reagan was "Back to the Future",.
He didn't see firsthand how the world changed.
His life was a, to.
Hinton didn't even and really for.
To give up
"didn't to,".
I would be lying if I didn't tell you me myself
...
.... "
What got him through those tough times, he said, was his sense of humor.
"I had no choice," Hinton said of his ability to and.
"was something, that would come in to use it.
"Being on had to () every day.
. "
CNN) the radio star, but in Norway it's digital that's killing radio.
In two years' time, the Scandinavian nation is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely.
Norwegians will digitally.
In Oslo,.
On FM, only find five.
The Audio Broadcasting, four times that number.
The listens that way, said Culture Minister Thorhild Widvey.
"Listeners will have more and radio-content, better sound and new," said a news release.
Officials say innovation because transmission will save some.
Radio won't all once Radio.no explained.
(CNN)
The.
O.C.
Marsh named Brontosaurus in, discovered at,, according to the Peabody Museum.
Apatosaurus couple, Marsh named the dinosaur Brontosaurus. "
Had three sacral vertebrae and had five according to dinosaurs different.
Later it was discovered that the age animal.
Paleontologist the Brontosaurus a Apatosaurus, according to the museum.
Emanuel Tschopp, a paleontologist at,, which took five years and 20 museums in Europe and the United States to collect data.
"anatomical," Tschopp was able to "reconstruct the family tree" of Diplodocids -- the family.
"looked at specimen," according to Gauthier, curator of paleontology "" algorithm revealed "five group of Diplodocids."
Of them Brontosaurus-like, said.
While findings have earned Brontosaurus said he is "a debate about the case."
"We think we have," he said, "But I know there are other research."
, Tschopp's discovery means changes are coming to the original Peabody.
(CNN) gyrocopter on the Capitol lawn Wednesday, Doug Hughes wrote his on a thedemocracyclub.org.
"The point of the flight is corruption in DC and more importantly, the ()," in an online post titled "Your Pilot."
"My flight is a secret," the post says
"an Email to @ barackobama.com.
The letter is not a threat and that shooting down will be a. "
Hughes Hughes to the website.
Although is, he lists an "" and in his self-description about public records.
Refers to 11-year-old --.
It's unclear when the post.
Shanahan told CNN that Wednesday was it.
"call the United States concerning our campaign finance laws or,".
Had his scheduled Thursday.
In his Maryland traveled airspace the Capitol.
The small aircraft he had letters for Congress urging campaign.
"There's no need to worry -- I'm just delivering the mail,".
The incident shut down the Capitol.
Main purpose "was to alert Congress to to make so America," Shanahan said.
The two men run a website called,, said.
, Hughes wrote his described family.
, Hughes' committed suicide years ago at the age of 24, the Tampa Bay Times reported.
"" Hughes told the paper.
Public records show Hughes had named.
"he like his son did something stupid, but," said Tampa Bay Times reporter who broke the story.
"He learned a lesson that.
And to make, to do something big,, Montgomery told CNN's Jake Tapper
"He's been thinking about this for years.
He's pictured every scenario you could possibly imagine, said.
Shanahan said mentioned the idea when the two were brainstorming years ago.
, Shanahan opposed the idea.
"I told him that plan because he was going to."
"Doug is a pit bull when he gets," Shanahan said.
He's very stubborn.
And ways around it
...
Word got out telling of.
And the Secret Service heard of it.
So they interviewed.
After that he sell his copter and figure.
But I noticed he did not copter.
(CNN) The Rio de Janeiro ahead of the Olympics keeps coming after scores of dead fish appeared in the Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon.
Go before the city hosts the and competitions assembly of Rio investigation into in lagoon lakes and the state.
The group with Secretariat of Environment.
Officials the that the latest caused the water and the excess matter have led to a black of killing the fish.
The note released by officials has generated near lagoon tourists.
Last week, newly obtained video from newspaper a sailor crashing on Guanabara Bay.
The incident took place and involved professional sailors Osthoff and Sampaio,.
According to, the impact its side.
Rio de Janeiro pollution in fetid, in an interview with sports channel SporTV, Mayor Eduardo Paes admitted that polluted for the games.
A rain region sanitation problem said.
Last year said rivers leading cause.
(CNN) The story of Anthony Stokes was supposed to have a happy ending.
, Police say teen heart transplant recipient,, after his.
In 2013, family that rejected due described letter as Stokes'. "
, Mark Bell a Stokes family spokesman.
Bell told CNN that a doctor's grades factored into the decision to deny him a heart.
"The doctor made the decision that he wasn't a good candidate because,".
"he didn't think Anthony was going to be a citizen."
About a week after Stokes' story of Atlanta.
On Tuesday, Stokes carjacked at a in the home, an elderly woman,, said police spokeswoman Lisa Holland.
Black SUV said.
Police spotted the car and it.
Police chased the vehicle.
Control of the car,, Holland said.
The vehicle, she said.
The pedestrian according to CNN affiliate.
Stokes died at a hospital said.
Stokes provided a letter said from Children's Healthcare of Atlanta.
"a transplant candidate having noncompliance, is one of's contraindications to heart transplant," it read.
Potential if patient strictly take, she could die within the hospital, said Dr. Ryan Davies, a surgeon at the Hospital,.
Case.
Stokes was trying to get Southern Christian Leadership Conference for.
SCLC's Rev.
Samuel told CNN he was disappointed.
"We got this young man a second chance in life," he said.
To a mentor in the Atlanta area, but Mosteller said that he wasn't sure.
"What happened between the time in 2013 to now, I don't know," he said.
"recognized the things needed to do to make a viable, I don't know.
We.
(CNN) Saudi special forces assisted Yemeni fighters and their allies in Aden, a Saudi source told CNN.
The special forces "coordinating and guiding" the battle against former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh, the source said.
They also helped weapons and communications equipment.
Houthi rebels, meanwhile, withdrew from the presidential palace key of the southern city of Aden following heavy Saudi airstrikes, according to the source.
The withdrawal signaled the previous day when Houthi forces seized the presidential palace.
President,, had period of Houthis secured control in January.
Houthis controlled large districts in Aden clashes.
The latest action heats up an intense conflict that could have ramifications across the Middle East.
If the countries takes to the ground in Yemen, the consequences could be severe.
Houthis are guerrilla fighters and could cross into Saudi Arabia.
Threatened suicide bomb attacks inside Saudi Arabia.
Yemen Peninsula, teeters on the brink of becoming a failed state and extremism.
The United Nations humanitarian partners, said 519 people have been killed and 1,700 wounded in the past two weeks.
Thousands fled their homes in Djibouti and Somalia,, and emergency relief coordinator said in a statement.
Two humanitarian workers were killed Friday in Yemen.
The brothers of Yemen Red Crescent Society were shot in wounded to the International Committee of the Red Cross reported.
They were identified as Bahuzaim and Mohammed Ahmed Bahuzaim.
Two Saudi border guards were killed after an exchange of fire with along the kingdom's frontier, officials told CNN.
A border guard was killed, the Saudi Press Agency reported Thursday.
That marked Saudi Arabia's military death launched inside its southern neighbor.
U.S. Navy were in search of suspicious shipping shipments from Iran in Yemen, a U.S. official told CNN on Thursday.
The Navy came across a ship that had left an Iranian port, the official said.
Based on the route of the ship from Yemen "" and requested permission to search it.
The ship was found carrying cement and materials,.
Was sent on its way.
Has been smuggling into Yemen as well Navy has maintained a presence there.
The official said increased fighting in the in Yemen has to dock to help leave the country.
Saudi and allied warplanes last week, with Saudi Arabia threatening to send ground troops inserting itself into its neighbor.
The swift action involved Saudi jets, 30 from the United Arab Emirates, and and a handful,, naval help from Pakistan, according to a Saudi adviser.
The Houthi rebels are Shiite Muslims who have taken over Sanaa and of its second-largest city, Aden.
The Saudis consider government fear region.
(CNN) Dan Swangard knows what death looks like.
He has seen die hooked overcome with anxiety.
He has watched dying or terrified relatives.
Recently, however, his about seriously ill.
Swangard was diagnosed with a rare form of metastatic cancer.
To remove the cancer, surgeons took out parts of his pancreas and liver as well as gallbladder.
The successful,, knows there's a chance the disease will return.
To a point where wants to be able to control when and how his life ends.
"It's me," said Swangard in Bolinas, Calif. "This could be my own issue."
One of Swangard joined last month seeking lethal medications who want.
If given months to live, said he can't say he would take.
"But I want to be able to make that choice," he said.
The right-to-die movement has gained renewed momentum in California and around the nation following death of an East Bay woman with cancer.
To Oregon "Death with Dignity" law in fatal dose prescribed by doctor.
The California lawsuit asks the court to protect from liability who are mentally competent to decide their fate.
The lawsuit argues that while it is against the law in California to assist in another's suicide, these are not suicides.
Argues a dying person his or her life should end and decisions about one's body protected under the state constitution.
Separately, two state senators have proposed a bill that would allow doctors to prescribe lethal medication to certain adults.
Three states -- Oregon, Washington and Vermont -- already have laws allowing physician-assisted deaths.
Courts in have is filed in New York.
Legislation is pending in several other states.
Kathryn, on several of the court cases spearheading the California lawsuit.
This her legal team among doctors with life-threatening illnesses, San Francisco.
"journey to said executive Center
".
For lay people, death is much more. "
Historically, doctors have been the most vocal critics of assisted suicide,.
The American Medical Association still says that "physician-assisted suicide is incompatible with the physician's role."
Hasn't taken a position on legislation, the California Medical Association has said that helping patients die conflicts with doctors' to.
"It is physicians' take that" said spokeswoman.
A recent survey of 21,000 doctors in the U.S. and Europe shows views may be shifting.
According to,, 54 percent of American doctors support assisted suicide, up from 46 percent four years earlier.
Swangard believe that taking care of patients means letting them lives.
Not killing patients he said.
Completed his medical residency in San Francisco in the AIDS crisis around him.
His career as medicine doctor, a hospice and now, he has become frustrated with how the medical system handles death.
Doctors spend so much time trying to extend life that few what their last, he said.
"we know how to die," he said.
"We fight tooth and nail to keep that from happening."
Swangard's illness was in a long check-up.
He hadn't been worried about his health -- he was fitness,.
When the doctor's stomach, he felt.
A visceral, he said. "
Within a week, a surgeon found a neuroendocrine tumor in the pancreas and liver.
Was life -- chemotherapy or radiation.
"" he said.
The doctors told him they believed the cancerous cells.
Questions: Am I going to be alive?
Is my cancer going?
"I wasn't sleeping, I wasn't exercising, I was marinating in fear of what this," he said.
, 'This is me.' "
Since, said he has had patients.
Occasionally, he and has been.
Friend asked if he'd be willing to join the California.
Didn't.
He didn't go into dying linger and wants to help — for his patients and for himself.
When,, he wants to be surrounded by people he loves.
He doesn't want to be in consumed by worry about.
To be able to say
"a little bit of to know how I might die," he said.
Into what. "
These days he focus.
Hours, swims as often as he can and meditates regularly.
At home, he stares out at the ocean,.
He makes every effort to stay healthy.
In what the cancer is largely outside his control.
An MRI last year showed a small lesion in his liver, which doctors are watching closely.
"unknown," he said.
Dr. Robert fellow recently met Swangard lives with uncertainty.
On May 2013, retired had a cough.
He felt tired and short.
Took the doctors advanced-stage lymphoma.
After chemotherapy,.
Is in remission.
But if the cancer comes back, he said, "the prospects are not good."
He a patient 25-year-old woman with metastatic cancer.
She wanted to die able.
't to help her law.
"felt," he said.
Years before his diagnosis,, now involved with Compassion, promotes aid-in-dying.
He has a shelf of books in his San Francisco home devoted to the subject:,, Heaven's Door.
Of quotes about end of life recites in speeches to church groups.
"preparation for death is a life well-lived."
He believes having medication to helps people live fully in their last months immobilized by fear.
"If with anxiety, to concentrate on's," he said.
Like Swangard, doesn't know if he would take medication.
Married said he plans for retirement years, improving.
"My wife be on to life," he said.
But that decision should be his to make with his family, he said.
"," he said.
A Detroit mother after police discovered the bodies of her children was arraigned this week on murder charges.
Prosecutor Kym Angela on Wednesday killing her then 13-year-old daughter, Stoni Ann, and her 9-year-old son,.
According to Detroit, the bodies were found freezer by court ordered on March 24.
The Wayne County medical examiner died from blunt and Stephen from blunt.
Both were determined to be homicides, according to.
CNN affiliate, investigators believe was,, killed.
Blair's entered guilty pleas on at wasn't immediately returned.
In addition to a life sentence without parole --, has been charged with child abuse and abuse another child.
She has a 17-year-old daughter and an 8-year-old son, both in custody,.
Since didn't become a food activist until.
It 2007 mentored through the something to eat.
That inspired me to found and become active in issues.
Of course, I haven't been alone in this work.
One of the biggest has been "The Meatrix," a based on "" and the GRACE Foundation and of.
Recently, The Meatrix:.
More than's an important benchmark the evolution of the food movement compels us to look at how far we've come over the last decade -- and how far we still have to go.
A decade ago, organic food ".
While consumers were beginning to where their produce came from, public knowledge was limited.
Animal cruelty and sickly calves were ineffectual and turned off urging better food choices.
Meanwhile, farms continued to reap large profits while producing meat,, and the public's health.
To be sure, America's food system is complex, and some industrial farming has been a necessity to meet our country's food needs.
However, has reap enormous profits they direct toward lobbying the food.
In the biggest meatpackers their trade groups spent a combined $4.3 million on lobbyists.
It has paid off for them: Factory farms often avoid penalties for the damage they cause to public health; and subsidies from the U.S..
These factors drive the cost of industrially sourced meat at a rate that farms can't.
And since the actual costs are hidden, raised.
That's neither fair nor safe.
The food we eat we need our elected officials to take agri-businesses to quit letting meat of the environment public.
It's time that consumer demand for food trumps the power that industrial farms hold over elected officials.
The original "" cartoon used pop culture to educate consumers about factory farming, better food choices and spark a wave of online advocacy for better government oversight of and companies.
It became one of the first viral videos to expose consumers to the behind farms these were doing to the environment,.
Led demand for sustainably sourced food that is.
Has directory of 25,000 sustainable, food and consumers to make better choices about the food they eat and their families.
And we at Food Action legislative.
We need members of Congress to promote sustainable farming,.
Support sensible food policies that ensure everyone has access to food.
The Act, would block any labels foods made with genetically engineered ingredients at the expense of the environment, public health and local economies.
As more consumers, take action and call on elected officials to support sustainable farmers, farms.
(CNN) ""
Keaton paid homage in his third hosting "Saturday Night Live" weekend.
Keaton acknowledged in his opening monologue that a lot has changed since he first hosted the comedy show in 1982.
"I had a baby -- he's 31.
A new's.
Fans who were hoping for a revival of's most.
Taran and Bobby begged the song to and.
A one-liners.
Performance drew high marks from its and "unpredictable" in the words of A.V.
Club's Dennis Perkins.
In a cameo from "Dead" star Weekend.
Scored laughs from the ad executive job and a high school teacher riff on the romantic comedy "."
Other crowd-pleasing spots included a parody news conference spoofing the debate.
The poked fun at Brooke Baldwin.
Hong Kong (CNN) An art collection assembled by the late icon, Lauren Bacall, has officially been offered for purchase.
The collection, which includes works by some of the greatest artists of the 20th century, went under in March 31, following a tour of London.
The age of 89, shot to fame in 1944 with her film, "."
Also the starlet Humphrey Bogart.
Golden Globes, George Clooney paid tribute to the silver.
"I remember what Lauren remember her saying: 'You know how to whistle.
You just. '"
Said Clooney, referring to one of from.
The 750-piece collection, a total of million, featured jewelry, and decorative arts, at Bonhams auction house in New York.
"Her collection is a reflection of her extraordinary" said, Bonhams president.
Among the auction were six's.
One sold for $120,000.
For sale were some of Bacall's most loved jewelry pieces by legendary designer Jean Schlumberger, known for his work at Tiffany & Co. A by $was drawing from the, close-knit relationship Bacall had with Gage.
The collection appeal to a variety of collectors and antiques of Lauren Bogart, as well as memorabilia.
Most of the items auctioned come from the apartment in New York's she shared with actor,.
King said Humphrey Bogart would have been pleased to know the items were also from Angeles.
Years, the collection reflects the taste there was she applied to collecting: "Everything had to kind of speak to her,.
She loved form, she loved texture, she loved color.
And she loved it.
You walked into what she liked was never boring, King said
(CNN) Just over a month ago, Taylor sat an Illinois murder.
Early Wednesday morning jail.
Hiding his.
Ready to pounce.
When his correctional rounds Timothy.
Beat up the guard on his and took his keys.
He walked out of the jail's door 2012 SUV.
Where the 23-year-old was in,.
Equinox was discovered around 8: 30 a.m. (
In Kankakee, but the convicted murderer who drove.
Looking is job No.
For.
No.
2 is figuring out how he managed Combs Detention Center.
"The did (the county correctional system) break said.
"It somebody didn't do their job."
What authorities do know is video, other evidence and witnesses -- other inmates at the Kankakee.
What they don't know is how got of his, he locked.
But he did.
"And then he attacked the officer," said noting "" "."
He then apparently disrobed the guard, a 10-year employee of the corrections department.
Was on the floor going in and out for about 35 minutes before authorities -- hadn't responded to calls -- the sheriff said.
"They then called the ambulance and we notified and put out an alert,".
By then, Taylor was gone.
"that he wanted to leave, which his identity checked by camera.
"We think he had the officer's uniform on," the sheriff explained, "."
Taylor walked out the door into the parking lot, authorities said he clicked the correctional officer to find.
That officer is now in an intensive care unit at St. Mary's Hospital in Kankakee said.
The manhunt continues for Taylor.
He has a history with the law that predates his murder an 2009 sentence of five years in Tennessee for robbery.
Taylor was on parole for that crime when he killed a man during a 2013.
A jury convicted him of murder in that incident.
The verdict was read down,, then got up and ran, according to The Journal.
And sheriff's deputies wrestled him to the ground, eventually leading him he.
A $5,000 reward is being offered for information leading to his arrest.
"raises an alert,," the sheriff said.
"But people, take certain precautions for all of them," Bukowski added.
", especially murderers."
London (CNN) The heist known every safe deposit holder's nightmare,.
Thieves broke into the vault of 60-year-old in the heart of London past, possibly taking as many as four days to rifle through an uncounted number of boxes.
Away with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash -- police.
Police were offering few details Wednesday of the Hatton Garden Deposit Detectives carrying out a "" forensic examination, police said in a statement.
"the process take approximately two days," the statement said.
At this stage it is believed safe deposit boxes were opened during the burglary.
Officers are Safe the identities of those affected.
Police victims identified.
Top five jewelry heists Throughout the day, business in and out of the.
Hatton Garden is a area in London diamond.
The area's website says it is home to "concentrated of the".
"History tells us that London had certain streets dedicated to specific types of business,".
"The Hatton area has been the epicentre of London's jewellery trade since medieval times.
"Today international reputation of London's diamond.
The most renowned jewellery in the world. "
$4.8M in gold..
But?
The police statement did not put the amount.
Numerous in the thousands of pounds, which translates into hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Those rent safe deposit company are reportedly.
But Roy Ramm, chief of the Flying economic crime unit of London's Police Service, came up with a higher guess.
"I would not be surprised this one is in Hatton, 200 around the amount stolen," Ramm said.
Easter weekend police did not hear of the robbery until Tuesday.
Embarrassment the Telegraph reported the business Friday but the back doors appeared locked no action was taken.
The website of protect important belongings. "
1989, Ayatollah Khomeini he was "" when he accepted to end the eight-year-old war with Iraq.
Khomeini,, a year before Saddam invaded.
Galvanized the nation, both his supporters and opponents,.
He dragged out the war for years to accept a ceasefire, and stabilized Republic.
By the time the war, the economy was in shambles, and there was no sign of his.
"" has became part of lexicon Khamenei, Khomeini's successor, raise the surrender to demands to end Iran's nuclear program.
The, Iran's defiance controversial has defined Khameni.
Has defied in the face of increasing pressure.
Iran its, but's end lead to nuclear fuel as well as nuclear bombs -- has landed the country.
The standoff with the West than the war.
The agreement reached marks a new chapter in the history of the country.
Iran can deal, invest.
Iran gas and oil fields, and the forward.
For a deal, Iran was glued to television sets and thousands poured on the streets to celebrate the.
Iran's economy shrank after sanctions were intensified and the, the Iranian currency, the U.S. dollar.
Inflation and ordinary Iranians as a result of sanctions.
Millions of Iranians are hoping that their lives will improve in era.
Despite the regime's claimed the program enjoys wide support among people inside the country publicly denounced nuclear.
Ahmad Shirzad, a former member of parliament, denounced the program last year and said "."
Another critic,, said in December "the nuclear program has hurt the country."
Politicians are Rouhani, to develop the economy and as a threat to the.
Brought Rouhani to power he would ease the sanctions.
Many see the negotiations as a diplomatic necessity that hardliners too.
The would have Khamenei.
Ayatollah Khamenei is 76.
Last year long which led to rumors that he might be gravely ill ended the war before his death.
Whether Khamenei or not,, to put the country on a path.
The regime presented the deal as itself.
Months of negotiations, the regime succumb lose enrichment.
Iran to spin centrifuges and avoid national humiliation.
Khamenei that Iran is the winner in the confrontation legacy he wants to leave behind.
He has not the poison yet,, to iron the final.
Johannesburg South African troops deployed a new effort to stop anti-immigrant violence.
Their target the Jeppestown, where violence broke out on Friday.
South African police Tuesday troops.
, Minister Nosiviwe announced to deploy of troops to areas where police are too thin while trying to curb deadly attacks.
"This intervention is on the police
... are coming said after visiting Johannesburg's township, mobs have attacked immigrants from other taking South Africans' jobs.
Seven people killed in violence against immigrants South Africa's.
Killing caught photographer violence happened in the city, where at least two killed after attacked immigrant shops.
Thousands of people took police stations, according to group the Givers.
Similar violence happened late last week in immigrant-owned shops were destroyed.
The as taking jobs.
Africa, according to government figures.
United Nations attacks dispute foreign workers.
What's behind the attacks in South Africa?
CNN's Brent Swails reported from Johannesburg.
As we approach April 27 South Africa marks the anniversary of the first elections day with yet another wave of attacks against African migrants.
Violence throughout "WeAreAfrica" a common front against.
Against migrants and their property read the rainbow nation's dream.
A multi-ethnic South Africa where living in dignity is shared across racial lines.
Newcomers often of hate.
National and international headlines use "xenophobia" convey the crisis within which this phenomenon occurs.
This as fails to convey the conditions in which migrants are persistent legacy of apartheid in era.
This does not tell us that extreme poverty now exceeds that experienced under apartheid.
It does not account for how is embraced and new black elite "white-haves".
The foreign as the majority of African migrants share any common spaces with white South Africans or foreigners.
The of migrant groups and native black South Africans in under-developed informal settlements and townships.
In the interaction and competition groups be simplistic treatment of South Africa's ailment as xenophobia.
Labeling explain the totality of contact between native black South Africans and foreign entrepreneurs.
Attention to environment where segregation,, in post-apartheid South Africa is paramount.
Access such and services to violence.
Prosecuting violence is law and order and protecting nationality.
The, cannot and should not be separated from the violence South Africans experience.
It cannot not be separated from South Africa's status as one of the most unequal societies in the world; it cannot be separated from the fact that South Africa has one of the highest homicide levels in the world.
A mantra of wishes away the lives of those in positions (poor) if not worse African foreigners in the midst of poverty.
Labeling South Africa as ungrateful and to the on exiles under apartheid does a disservice to the poor whose are at best and migrants dignity.
Such labeling serves politicians and the elites who are barbed wire a security and South Africa's police force.
While political leaders this violence "" to an overflowing industry.
Religious and civil society mobilization saying "" in reaction should be applauded.
Denounce the the violence that is everyday of the extremely poor in South Africa.
Pervasive misery in a nation with so much potential should not be tolerated.
Neither a nor the of "" can away violence crisis in South Africa.
(The next time you fly Grandma in Florida, look down.
The next time you take the pilgrimage to the or down South Beach / sin, get a window seat and spend the moments before contemplating the endless swamp.
Because places that like the Everglades.
Approach into Miami or Orlando, hurt scorpions, roaches,.
(once in a a single night.)
Along the Tamiami Trail, endless sawgrass, the feels.
"to, too unpredictable to settle," as Grunwald put it in his definitive history, The Swamp. "
And so, a century ago, dreamers decided to.
To conquer that uninhabitable frontier Florida.
And air conditioning, bug spray and that, the Army Corps of Engineers blasted and dug 2,000 dams,.
A hell.
A watershed built million people, tourists.
, There can be no "life".
Life.
Of half the Everglades is on life support.
This is a problem not just for the and snakes.
It is a problem for snails, dolphins,,, ghost, the world.
Most of all, it is a problem.
Of South Florida comes the Everglades.
2 million-acre river of not only of hurricane, it shrimping industries around the Florida Keys.
What was once a slow-moving became the 1990s that Florida --.
Years after then-Gov.
As Corps that rip the Everglades apart under orders to help heal to the tune as part of a plan.
What drew me here for the season of List. "
As a few ho-hum airboat rides, I with low expectations.
This place more than any other, with beauty try to right the past.
Else is civilization and so narrow, conservationists like to say that a test.
(CNN) A New York City detective has been accused of stealing $3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid, according to police.
Surveillance video by affiliate Brooklyn show Det.
Cyrus stashing cash in leaving Deli Grocery store in Brooklyn Friday.
The detectives had arrested two employees, according to.
Ali store manager, noticed the taken by employees.
What he told News 12.
Cyrus, under investigation, could not be reached for comment.
His Sgt.
) The United States has gained much from its position as a space-faring nation.
Indeed, access to space has provided U.S. national security and the economic well-being of the nation.
Current and future conflicts counter the proliferating threats worldwide, our military depends on space-based capabilities,, and satellites.
And.
How?
For, we depend on the rocket, which carries many of our most important satellites and is powered by the Russian-made RD-180.
The rely on sanctions for a sovereign need for a in.
Assured access to space is an area where the U.S. should not be reliant on supply chains,, unfavorable and against the interests of the U.S.
The Ukraine should, the Russia to launch national security satellites.
The United States in supporting country to abrogate the sovereignty and territorial integrity of its neighbors.
Simply put, it on, when reliance countries to U.S. national security.
Deputy Minister of has called American taxpayer outlays engine that goes directly into Russia programs.
It is high time the government turn to domestic capability and turn flow of funds.
Fortunately, there are signs of progress.
Congress took bipartisan action to phase out reliance on the RD-180 by the space launch capability.
The authorization included restrictions, authorizing $220 million development..
A wise move, but not enough.
The United States can take ensure secure comparative advantage in space -- and in the world.
True development of a launch system will take time;.
However, existing sector serve as eliminating any capability gap in the U.S. space program.
Indeed, new entrants are using launch systems manufactured in America.
Two -- United Launch Alliance each have all-American systems,.
Having both options will put America on the path to fielding its space capabilities next, while strengthening base since the end of the Cold War.
The short-term goal should be existing American-manufactured launch vehicles, as opposed to systems such as the Delta IV critical capability.
Long term, next-generation development programs should not involve Russian components.
It is time to end America's reliance on Russia's rocket engine.
Island-hoppers take Providenciales the Turks's latest pick's top.
Providenciales climbed last year's No.
2 ranking among travel's' to Caye top spot.
Belize island.
The the global islands list for years in a row before dropping out of the this year.
Disappearance?
"It's winners based on feedback from travelers," said TripAdvisor spokeswoman.
Similar 2013 islands opinions, and "
30 envy-inducing two more top 10 islands this year's global list.
Ko, Thailand gained spots this year up from No.
10 last year, while Bora dropped from No.
Year to rank ninth.
Here are the islands for 2015: 1.
Providenciales 2.
Maui, Hawaii 3.
Roatan, Honduras 4.
Santorini, Greece 5.
Ko Tao, Thailand 6.
Madeira, Portugal 7.
Bali, Indonesia 8.
Africa 9.
Bora, French Polynesia
To list, TripAdvisor ranks islands.
Here are the U.S. islands: 1.
, Hawaii 2.
Hawaii, Hawaii 3.
Kauai, Hawaii 4.
Key West, Florida 5.
Hilton Island, South Carolina 6.
Marco Island, Florida 7.
Key Largo, Florida 8.
Chincoteague Island, Virginia 9.
San Juan Island,.
CNN sustainable capitalism.
Global capitalism is a juggernaut with now doubling in size every generation.
A Earth, billion new people every years, is laying siege of life and social support systems.
A path out of this crisis.
The reality is that raw economics of greed.
The theory goes, and type-A personalities around,,.
Some lot to this theory.
After all, the economy has since capitalism found its footing, and for living standards have risen.
Yet history has taught us that the "Invisible Hand" of the free market is less than.
Instead, untrammeled greed also leads to,, pervasive bribery,, inequalities, and environmental destruction.
Most moral blindness.
Super-rich, whether calling for oil or encouraging the the, simply deny the damage they are causing to the planet.
It ¹ s Wall Street anti-environmental like a daily basis.
The environment is greed.
And moral order.
Novelists, ethicists,, teachers tame.
Unleash greed as the supreme economic get the ultimate moral.
Sustainable development is a doctrine that: economy foundation economic growth social fairness and environmental sustainability.
Is that must: economic growth, and environmental sustainability.
There can and should be growth for today's developing countries.
Human ingenuity and markets can indeed lead us to higher living standards and longer lives for of the rich and poor.
Gains should be widely shared based on the at society.
Inclusion has to improve societal progress broadly for all.
And equally, gains should be based on value added, not on destruction of deforestation, climate change, or water.
Thus a holistic approach that combines economic, social and environmental objectives.
This balanced approach than capitalism places society and the Earth.
That we even if promote equality.
Recent news.
Earth's hottest year on record, and another year of droughts.
Parts of the,, are catastrophic future changes.
Even as the millions escape extreme poverty, our societies,.
All over the world, there is unrest even as our generation is the technological knowhow and material progress.
In my book, The Age of Sustainable Development ¹ ve and environmental, have shown how sustainable development can be a way out of our growing crisis.
It turns out,, and technological savvy can build a modern global economy sustainable at the same time.
The of powerful of new sustainable technologies.
Feasibility of sustainable development look at the planet achieving prosperity.
The climate change.
Oil and executives too often deny science.
Development not only is climate dangerous, it is also solvable at very low cost by the next heat pumps,, smart grid and other energy technologies.
If the world takes the its plan, the world can bring the climate crisis under control and enjoy a growing supply of quality services.
Political system feeds untrammeled super-rich campaign donors and political rest of the world are coming to recognize sustainable development.
That is why the world will adopt Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), on the 70th anniversary of the United Nations.
On the eve of schoolgirls were abducted, Malala Yousafzai released an "open letter" to the girls Monday.
"I was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school," she writes.
The 17-year-old Nobel Peace Prize winner survived an attack by the Taliban, which singled her out for from the of.
, Calls on Nigerian.
Nigeria held an election.
2014, with Boko Haram kidnapped the girls, prompting an international campaign, which used the hashtag # BringBackOurGirls.
On Monday, UNICEF the 800,000 children displaced in #.
Malala.
On Sunday named an after her.
She has spoken with CNN about the Nigerian abductions previously.
Malala:, is the letter my brave,, I write to you.
My name is Malala.
I am a Pakistani girl your age.
Of the people around you and your families our thoughts.
We cannot imagine the full horrors you have endured.
Please know: We will never forget you.
We stand with you.
Day, we call on the Nigerian authorities and the international community to do more to bring you home.
We will not rest until families.
I was a target of militants who.
Gunmen shot me and two of my friends on a school bus.
All of us survived and are back in school.
We speak out on behalf of all girls about the right to a education.
Our campaign you and all girls and boys around the education.
Birthday your your classmates escaped.
Your parents.
They love you, and they miss you.
My father and I wept with parents and touched hearts.
The escapee schoolgirls my father and I met their resolve to overcome and to complete their education.
My father promised your parents who would do all to help.
I met Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan and urged him to work harder for your freedom.
I also asked President Jonathan to meet your parents and escaped kidnapping,.
My opinion the international community have not done enough to help you.
They must do much to help secure your release.
Among many pressuring to make sure.
There are reasons for hope and optimism.
Nigerian forces are re-gaining territory and protecting more schools.
Nigeria's president, vowed to make your freedom a priority girls.
To receive the education you deserve.
Fund other escaped kidnapping scholarships to complete their education.
The girls accepted this scholarship and are now continuing their studies at need.
We extend scholarship to all 219 of you, when you return home.
That ordeal will be reunited with your families and the education you courageously sought.
I look forward to the day I can hug each one of you, and your freedom.
Stay strong,.
You are.
Ferguson, Missouri (CNN) [update at p.m.
] Two -- -- Ferguson City on Tuesday, meaning the black.
[52 p.m.
ET skies and crackled warnings of floods.
The rain opened its polls traditionally have drawn vote.
Today.
This city since Darren Wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown last August.
Since 21,000 people has gone through upheaval with of African-Americans and the courts.
Widespread turnout,, calls.
Elections officials said they had no indication that turnout in Tuesday's election would be any.
Among the candidates inspired to run by was hope of voter participation.
"That is what" Bell, a and is a municipal judge in City.
Is running Lee Smith, a electrical plant employee, in Ward 3.
Includes killed, business that felt the brunt of protests and vandalism.
As Ferguson.
Both Bell and Smith are black no matter one of them will on council.
Though 70% of Ferguson's 21,000 people are black, the City Council.
Cited along with the Police Department, which has three officers, power in a black city.
"We have to get out of this enforcement for business," said candidate Doyle McClellan of the Lewis and Clark Community College.
McClellan referred to scathing the traffic for the city.
"," said as he stood at polling station.
Polls close.
Few.
A retired said he voted for Brian Fletcher, a former mayor who launched the "I Love Ferguson" campaign last fall for businesses.
Some residents see Fletcher as being a establishment problem.
Asked why no one complained when Fletcher.
He said Brown's shooting brought a lot of bad things to light.
"We realize some institutional problems on," he said.
Things changed. "
Fletcher said the numbers.
Three wards were casting ballots, predicted a turnout.
When rain voters Presbyterian.
For Bob a attracted as a white man who routinely front lines.
He speaks often of having married a black woman and biracial teenage son.
Glenn,, is black.
His wife is white.
The couple moved to after Marine it was a racially welcoming place.
But, after all the problems rose to the surface, it's the City Council,.
That's why they chose
"using law enforcement as," he said.
"the military to places looting.
Police order. "
Angela came to the polls with her husband and girls in tow.
She voted for former who resigned her run for office.
Of other residents experienced in this election: candidates coming to door.
Kind of canvassing that took place the last few weeks.
") talked about her change in," Jackson said.
She's going to be hands on.
She lives in the neighborhood as well the.
By that. "
Fletcher, mayor City Council candidate, Ferguson would benefit from his experience more than a newcomer, saying his from be asset in getting Ferguson back on its feet.
Fletcher said of those who feel the city, "."
The city required to budget by the new council will have to look to the $3 million lost from by traffic tickets and fines.
"That drop,".
The rain began to fall as in.
It was expected to on night.
About 5 voters leaving work, the sun.
Overheard at one: brought out the worst.
Tehran, Iran (CNN) a "good year."
For many Iranians the continue negotiations a is an indication the started March a indeed.
Although hardliners try the preliminary agreement hoped and.
Paves the way for a of June that guarantees the of Tehran sanctions and the international community.
As the stakes choice for President Hassan Rouhani and his "moderate" administration.
They must the moon:, will and Experts elections the country leader.
This they win both the elections.
Rouhani to complain lost half.
Will Iran's Supreme Leader drink of peace?
During his campaign he promised to do so if he the world.
And has.
Deal ultimately on the administration.
It will strengthen needs to stay better yet,.
The people are more than happy to welcome the agreement.
They always wanted a way out of the current impasse with the world as keep moderates in power for the foreseeable future.
Blame and the previous government for the in especially they handled past nuclear talks of the past -- with devastating consequences.
Many believe that now there is a of the culmination of a -- hope.
In, new beginning Iranians hope.
, The government traded expectations for international isolation and.
The country's Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei, the talks.
READ MORE: What's in the Iran deal?
Key points urged the nation the -- overture negotiating and had.
Represents qualified support for continued diplomacy and a historic step forward.
It places the team the + world, guaranteeing no-one in Iran will stand in the way of diplomatic engagement rapprochement.
Are jubilant.
They should.
More than ever they are confident a comprehensive deal.
They are confident it is within as: A deal.
They believe the lifting of international.
It would's improve their lives.
At least, that's what they hope.
But the current choice.
The biggest chance of rapprochement between Tehran and Washington since the Iranian revolution in 1979.
Eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants, Iranian state media reported.
Three of the militants were killed by Iranian forces Monday in the, state-run news agency IRNA reported.
The news agency cited Asghar Mirshekari of Iran said militants crossed into Pakistan.
Iranian officials reportedly surviving assailants.
A militant group called Jaish al Adal claimed responsibility for the attack, according to Iranian state media and a Twitter account believed to be associated with the organization.
According to Pakistani media, Jaish al Adal is an anti-Iranian group that has emerged during recent years in the restive province that.
The Sunni group has targeted Shiites and says it aims to thwart Iranian influence, according to newspaper Dawn.
Jaish has also claimed responsibility for attacks on Iranian territory.
One of the deadliest in October, when 14 Iranian border guards were killed near the city of.
Iranian authorities say that after similar attacks the militants have fled into Balochistan.
"criticized the terrorists," said Pakistan.
The Pakistani government condemned Monday's attack, calling it an "act of terrorism."
"The security agencies of Pakistan are investigating this took place, and" the government said in a statement Wednesday.
(CNN) The "Star Wars" universe.
Details of the plot for 2016's "Star Wars: Rogue One" were revealed during a panel at, California.
(an teaser for the movie revealed details for the "Star Wars" (the of "").
The "Revenge of the Sith" "" "
A rebels rogue mission plans for.
Jones will play a rebel soldier.
The movie won't begin shooting until so the shown -- Death Star -- appear.
The is a "Star Wars" dropped to the lead role.
Producer Kathleen said "Rogue One" was one of the first she received after president of Lucasfilm.
It was one of the final gather to talk about "Star Wars," costumes for "Star Wars" merchandise and future for the franchise.
Convention kicked off with the Force Awakens. "
Costumes from movie were on display.
Bearing the logo.
Thousands are expected to have attended when all is said and done.
Investigation of Germanwings Flight 9525 has not revealed evidence of Lubitz's motive suicidal tendencies, a spokesman for the prosecutor's office in, said Monday.
Investigators have not found Lubitz shared motives or confessed,.
Medical records reveal one time underwent psychotherapy.
Was his pilot's license, Kumpa said.
Evidence suggesting Lubitz acting aggressively before the crash.
It is believed Lubitz locked out of and crashed the plane, killing all on board.
The prosecutor confirmed what some media outlets had reported about doctors Lubitz though no illnesses found.
, Investigators in Germany are not yet out.
Much attention has focused on Lubitz, that he.
Lubitz, 27, passed pilot examination in 2014, aviation source told CNN.
Stated a commercial pilot in, Lufthansa said.
Lufthansa, Germanwings exam not psychological health.
Problems on a form that asks.
European pilots fill out the form to be recertified.
Federal aviation authorities, not the airline, issue the form.
The form information and never sees a pilot completed, said an airline spokesperson.
The airline would get a "clear" notice from doctors alerting that a.
Had visited an eye doctor because of vision problems, a official familiar with the investigation told CNN.
The pilot was not he should but the doctor told him was psychosomatic, the official said.
In part because the doctor deemed Lubitz unfit for.
A different doctor a that was with work, the European official said.
The visits are unclear, but could have been.
The official said he is not aware of Lubitz to doctors, but that investigators believe he was.
Officials said went to doctor on his own, he deemed unfit.
Dusseldorf clinic said he'd gone there twice,, "a diagnosis."
But the University said it had not treated Lubitz for depression.
The speculation about Lubitz mental state is based on a letter found in a Dusseldorf apartment.
The, which "slashed" said able to do his job, said.
Britain's most senior psychiatrist, Sir Simon Wessely, told CNN on Monday that when pilot "depressed illness" impairs abilities, fly safely.
"We don't let pilots fly... impaired in,, isn't good for," said the adviser.
One of the strongest pieces of evidence to emerge from the crash comes from the cockpit voice recorder.
"box," up locked the out.
"For God's sake, open the door!"
Capt.
Sondenheimer screamed as he banged on the cockpit door,.
The plane slammed into the French Alps.
The audio from the plane's cockpit voice recorder has not been released, but German newspaper Bild published Sunday what it claims is a summary of the recording.
CNN cannot independently verify, which Bild based audio that cockpit voice recorder.
According to's report, told Lubitz he to go to.
Lubitz could go.
After reaching cruising altitude, asked Lubitz to prepare the landing.
Once finished, again the captain "can."
Sound of a seat being pushed backward says. "
At 29 a.m., radar detects the plane.
Three minutes an alarm goes off in, "".
Next comes the banging.
Sondenheimer begs Lubitz to let him in.
Passengers begin to scream,.
Three minutes pass.
A bang is heard at 7,000 meters (almost).
A minute and half meters to the ground,, "pull up!"
"Open door!"
The pilot says.
: 38 a.m., the plane is at 4,000 meters.
Lubitz's breathing can still be heard on the recorder report.
, Investigators hear the plane's.
Screams can be heard.
Investigation agency BEA told CNN the agency was "dismayed" by the leak.
Del Bono, a spokeswoman for the agency, said the leak come from a BEA.
The agency considers the report. "
Are some of the closely held parts of aviation crash.
're never released, according to CNN aviation reporter Richard Quest.
"" audio would be leaked in this manner.
Communications between air traffic control and a downloaded the United States.
Redacted transcript is in part of a final incident.
Although teams have recovered the cockpit, the flight recorder remains missing.
That could reveal crucial details during the final moments of the flight.
German investigators -- specializing in homicide cases and others remains are in the, Dusseldorf police said.
Meanwhile, police continue to examine evidence from the Lubitz and police said.
French investigators at the crash site said they able to identify most of the passengers human remains of all the 150 passengers been by the crash. "
Of the 150 passengers, 78 had been identified through Lt. Col..
Weather conditions the work, Capt.
Naffrechoux of the High Mountain Gendarmerie unit said.
A path under construction will reduce the time it takes to reach the area, he said.
Vernet Mayor Balique told the path.
He commissioned to build the path, he said.
"and to get as close as possible every meter," he said.
Allow all-terrain vehicles to reach the site with helicopter transfers.
Members Flight 9525, meanwhile, are making the pilgrimage to the site.
A total of have, Germanwings Chief Operating Officer said at a news conference.
Support victims.
(CNN) Barney Frank, to say the least, knows his way around politics.
Recently, the congressman at on Halsted as he detailed his 45-year public service.
'll was of the and among other things he had some words for politicians who vote against LGBT rights.
When the audience asked about a current proposal in California that would legalize killing gay people, he said he wasn't aware of the measure but the man crazy. "
"We're winning" proposal -- ""
We're I've heard a lot LGBT.
Guess at 10 years, we are.
Assuming that believes LGBT people should have the same rights as their heterosexual counterparts.
Or at least "be put to death to the head or any other" as the California proposal suggests.
(whether Matt, the lawyer, is being sincere or just an ass, but that if he collects enough signatures there appears to be no way of stopping the ballot.)
Frank's "" declaration was oddly timed, too.
Hours after his talk, state signed an "religious freedom" bill -- to challenge discriminating.
"people is by government" Gov.
Mike Pence said.
Not to be outdone, Gov.
Would bill that is expected to reach his desk shortly.
A fledgling proposal the out, laws and services in heartland if 2016 hopeful, a table.
I foolishly hoped the upcoming general election would be by bold.
Instead, it's down to Pat Buchanan's "cultural war" speech, during the 1992 Republican National Convention: "We stand with (
Bush amoral the standing men "" is a religious war.
It is a war critical to the nation we shall be.
War for America. "
Progressives at Cruz darling when, according to the American Civil Liberties Union, "the [Religious Freedom Restoration Act] is one of 24 introduced that use religious.
Numerous other bills. "
It's not just lawmakers.
Supreme Court Justice Roy Moore made headlines and.
This week.
A in Cruz would have granted same-sex couples the Family Act that to.
If Cruz to appease LGBT rights currently underway states.
That could include's banning same-sex marriage,, is expected.
The NCAA can issue statements, over and America --.
But at the end of the day,.
Progressives get and conservatives get the polls.
That holds true in 2016, "".
, 2016 hopefuls to express support for same-sex marriage.
According to former Gov.
Mike Huckabee,'s deli. "
Louisiana Gov.
Jindal amendment to allow states. "
Wisconsin Gov.
Scott Walker has a history of same sex marriage.
Ben Carson said turns people gay,.
(He later apologized) Gallup polls may suggest voters nationwide are, but tells.
Perhaps we're witnessing of biases.
Or those biases are having a rebirth.
Said the rule in favor of same-sex in the GOP primary.
May a candidate to avoid taking a position on the "religious freedom" bills through.
To sidestep the a constitutional debate stop controlling the Senate.
By a woefully inadequate two-party system.
Socially liberal, fiscally conservative may want the full depth of a candidate before it may come to:.
The 2016 "war" for that.
(CNN) They took Yarmouk of men flooding into the streets of the.
Besieged and bombed for more than two years, residents awoke to a terrifying reality -- ISIS militants seizing Yarmouk after defeating groups.
"They slaughtered them in the streets," one resident, who asked not to be named, told CNN.
"They (caught) three people and killed them in the front.
The Islamic State is now in control of almost. "
An estimated 18,000 refugees are Yarmouk, Syrian forces "" in the words of U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, accommodate people fleeing the conflict.
The camp, which sits from central Damascus, has been fighting between the groups since December.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the Al-Nusra Front control the camp.
The Syrian government has dropped bombs on the camp in an effort to drive out armed groups.
Activists and residents in Yarmouk people have since ISIS stormed the camp go.
Hundreds have been injured, but the camp's only hospital was occupied by ISIS, regime shelling.
As the fighting raged in Yarmouk, the director of the Jafra Foundation -- the only aid group that has been able to get into the camp -- painted a grim portrait of the conditions on the ground since ISIS arrived.
"We need medicine treatment facilities," Sabaneh told CNN.
"The last hospital in Yarmouk camp was bombed yesterday, so there's nothing functioning."
The 'miracle' delivering clean water in Yarmouk can be a deadly task.
Majed Alomari,'s water in ISIS rebel groups.
Head of Syria (PLHR), the camp and 2012, said people were in dire need.
"According to my contacts inside, people are back consuming water meal in 2014" during the regime's siege of the camp, the's told CNN.
Aid agencies briefly managed to break the government's stranglehold on the camp, and aid.
As terror closes in Yarmouk from all sides, residents have two choices -- flee refuge or stay inside says now.
"Now I am am scared the regime," the Yarmouk told CNN.
"Yarmouk camp," he said
(CNN) Syria is a Hell.
The death toll there has doubled in a year's time, an opposition group.
Since out there, 310,000 people have been killed, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Thursday.
A year earlier tally stood at 162,402.
The, the United Nations death toll.
Has plunged over half of all Syrians into that says, lack.
Numbers the of millions, remind us of the world's tragedy.
Number of years Bashar al-Assad's fired crowds against.
The Syrian population.
It would be killing 3 to 4 million.
The the's death toll of 310,000 estimate by the U.N..
Syrians in need, according to the U.N..
Homes says.
Entire metropolitan area emptied.
Syrians have fled as refugees to neighboring countries,.
Turkey has taken in 1.7 million million,.
The reduction in the food rations World Food Programme says it to donations.
(CNN) China's cybercensors have long used "" to block critical articles news.
But it's no longer enough for them, says Friday.
They developed a new weapon outside their borders, in the United States.
The study's authors have named it the operates in sight.
The attack handily within study authors say Beijing may have counted.
"This is a powerful, and we are curious about the risk Chinese to reveal visible denial of service,".
The Chinese are taking that risk: found ways to get around give Chinese greater.
Cannon. "
Blasts targeted servers with distributed denial of service attacks, Web.
Online with attacks, say researchers from the University's Citizen Lab, the Computer Science Institute, the University of California-Berkeley and Princeton University.
The researchers technology to undermine.
New cyberweapon could easily be used for attacks beyond what they've observed.
Could target individual visits a Chinese server, said.
This might include emails in China, he said.
"The device could replace genuine malicious files, for example."
Targets the researchers by Chinese expats on Beijing's censorship.
Monitor citizens' such as news service Deutsche Welle or Tibet.
The seem first.
A Silicon Valley service used other.
Connected, however, the.
Hosted two repositories that contained allowing Chinese readers The New York Times.
Critical the and turned away three reporters, according to China.
GitHub said it thought the attackers were trying to taking content.
It suspects the attack response on its to Chinese.
Both services suspected China was behind attacks and used the Great Firewall,.
By the researchers that Beijing has different from the Great Firewall.
It is in China say to the Great Firewall.
The firewall, in a manner of speaking, watches all traffic going in and out of China, the researchers say.
If it sees requests it doesn't want to see,, the user's computer.
User might see an 403, you're not authorized. "
The Great Firewall tons of traffic, to a lot of block.
On much, because it doesn't care about all traffic.
It targets traffic of Web addresses.
But Web traffic unrelated to its targets to against.
To Baidu, one of China's Web services successful Internet become unknowing Great Cannon's targets, the study says.
In the overwhelming number of cases, when traffic came from the outside world, it through's servers.
In a of the the researchers, it picked use in the attack, and sent code to the user's browser.
"The malicious requesting against GreatFire.org and,".
Their browsers mercilessly fired requests at both sites
"they 2.6 billion per hour, wrote during an outage.
"equipped to handle that kind of volume they go offline."
Said the incident the DDoS attack.
Then, the programmers noticed aspects about the attack.
"These include vector in previous attacks as well as some sophisticated use the web, github.com with," they wrote.
Baidu denies the its security, researchers said.
Government cybercensors of traffic to's servers could hurt its reputation as commerce.
Encrypting Web should help defend against the Great, said.
Xi and took office in November 2012, have the tightening on freedoms gained, journalists and activists say.
Xi Politburo repressive tactics "" experimenting with more liberal policies, think tank Freedom House wrote.
And has particularly targeted opinion and the Internet.
Xi also eyeing Western values with suspicion Google partners U.S. government.
"Deployment of the) may also to counter what the Chinese cyberspace," the researchers write.
(CNN) The leader of Yemen's Houthi rebels vowed not to back down Sunday as a weakened group.
"Our fighters will rebel leader Abdul-Malik said in a televised address.
"Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming."
After three weeks back Houthis Hadi.
Hadi Yemen's country.
, More than 700 people have been killed in violence that shows no sign of slowing, according to the World Health Organization.
The Houthis say the support.
"Yemeni people to stand against the attacks attacks said.
"our people move the attacks and killing and we do not hear any cries."
Forces loyal to Yemeni President Saleh,.
Gen. AlHalili more troops, has now allied with Hadi said.
Meanwhile, Saudi Brig.
Ahmed said Sunday had decimated the Houthis' central command by targeting their communications.
The rebels, he said, are now holding stance in besieged areas.
As Storm Saudi-led coalition launched airstrikes, said.
One Israeli citizen was injured in what police are calling a suspected terror attack Wednesday night near Hebrew University in Jerusalem.
Police said a 37-year-old from Jerusalem struck two people at a bus stop in the Hill section of the city.
One victim, identified by police as 26, died at the hospital.
Remains in serious condition,.
The driver has been arrested and is under investigation.
Investigation strong suspicion "
(CNN) this: might be murdering Ukraine's ousted President Viktor Yanukovych?
Not new.
But its to again with two high-profile shooting deaths in the Ukrainian capital -- one former member of parliament a Ukrainian journalist known for his pro-Russian views.
Oleg Kalashnikov, the former member of parliament, was shot and killed shortly after 7 p.m. Wednesday at the apartment block.
Kalashnikov, 52, was a Ukraine,.
Police are investigating the death.
Later on Thursday,, killed near a dark blue Ford Focus, Interior Ministry Herashchenko said.
The were reported to have been from Belorussia.
The speculation unusual deaths Yanukovych.
At least three former members of parliament with reportedly committed suicide:, Mikhail Chechetov from the apartment in Kiev.
Suspected in 2014 that the Yanukovych government.
•, Stanislav Melnik, a manager in the, was found dead in his apartment.
He, too, reportedly left.
On March 12, member of, was found,, dead of a gunshot wound.
Police, including suicide.
Interior adviser Anton Gerashchenko violence. "
Ukraine is divided.
About a third of the population speaks Russian as opposed to Ukrainian.
Whether the West is a issue, many Ukrainians of identity.
Recent events have deepened the divide.
After Yanukovych turned his back on the European Union in favor of closer ties with Russia, he was driven from office by mass demonstrations.
With separatists in eastern Ukraine, the animosity ugly transformation into war.
A government toppled in the east have each dead.
But the who responsible for the series of deaths differs starkly, according to which side of the country's divide one is on.
Opposition has no doubt the deaths "terror against opposition politicians and journalists," the office called them.
"oppression are not the government," it said.
The government.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, who came to office after Yanukovych was ousted, demanded an investigation of the killings of Kalashnikov and Buzyna, his media office said.
"It is evident that these crimes have," the office quoted.
"and political.
It is a deliberate provocation.
Internal in Ukraine. "
Anton Geraschenko, adviser to the interior minister, further.
(If something, would you protest?
Make a sign?
A demonstration?
How could in the face of inaction?
Girls ago, millions of people around the world joined a social media campaign for their.
Alasholuyi was to world leaders voicing their anger BringBackOurGirls, the hashtags.
But as weeks turned into months,.
The campaign faded.
People stopped tweeting.
They stopped marching.
With more to rescue the students.
It seemed everyone had given up hope.
Alive.
That is.
And father-of-three has taken time nearly every day since the girls went missing to hold up a sign the,, and post it.
"an injury to done all" says he does this to help girls.
Admits his daily routine will.
But he hasn't give up his commitment, saying he feels a obligation to continue daily the girls are returned.
He says he doesn't want anyone to forget about them their families are facing every day the girls are missing.
BringBackOurGirls year 'messages the 200 stolen girls has a responsibility to protect. "
Over the past year, he has also worked with organizations who are holding the Nigerian government accountable,.
Most recently, he participated in a march through Lagos.
He has also met leaders to highlight the girls abducted.
's the abducted schoolgirls has appealed and the Boko Haram which has carried out multiple abductions since Chibok.
"Yesterday it could be town.
"said.
"to come to our aid and make sure that Boko Haram and their abductions are nipped in the bud."
He told CNN he believes the newly-elected government,, will step up efforts to girls.
He is confident, country and a retired Major in the Nigerian Army to combat the threat of Boko Haram.
Says he believes his determination to help Chibok girls photos will one day bring them home safely.
(CNN) Civil unions will soon be recognized in Chile.
The country joined its the when Bachelet enacted law on Monday.
"This is a concrete step in the drive to end the difference between couples,".
The new law will.
It will give legal people of the same sex a man and a woman.
The government estimates that around 2 million people will benefit from the change.
The law is intended to end discrimination faced by common-law couples, allowed to visit partners, make medical decisions on their behalf or decide what to do with their remains.
It also gives the couples greater rights in health care,.
South American nations have same-sex civil unions in recent years.
(CNN) in Yemen Tuesday, the Saudi-led coalition.
Five days after, has destroyed systems of the Houthis and supporters of President Ali Abdullah Saleh all unusable, a Saudi source said.
Saudi Arabia controls all Yemeni, closely watched non-military goods to, according to the source.
Effort isn't over, including attempts to destroy missiles in the country,.
On, remarks Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal.
"and by Iran -- insist to meddle in, reshuffle the cards,, make a coup against constitutional solutions, according to the Saudi Press Agency
"We are not warmongers," he added.
"But if war's ready."
Airstrikes around Aden and coastal cities --.
The International Red Cross said fighting brought "disturbing casualties" the worst around the port city of Aden.
With the United Nations humanitarian agency reported hundreds between last Wednesday and Sunday.
Some 75,000 people have been displaced in the past week, facilities and food.
"other,.
"...
There are reports of damage to residential areas in cities in Aden, reportedly taken part in the fighting.
Airstrikes hit the camp for displaced persons near Sanaa women and children, according to aid group Doctors Without Borders.
About families in the, said U.N. humanitarian affairs coordinator for Yemen,.
"," Yemen. "
Yemen in for widespread poverty and insecurity.
Those factors helped the the Arab nation, but didn't help its in quest for peace and prosperity.
Escalated as the Houthis,, increasingly challenged President Hadi (who had been in power for years).
The Houthis began moving into Sanaa in September, then -- despite (time and again,) talks a political solution to the unrest.
Things finally came to a head, with Hadi -- who claims to still be Houthis control government -- left Yemen.
At roughly the same time, Saudi Arabia and its allies came to Yemen's.
The conflict threatened to open a wider rift, not just in the region but in the world.
The Saudis have painted Iran, an accusation that also reflects Saudi Arabia Muslims and the Houthis.
The Saudi Press Agency quoted Saudi Minister of Foreign Affairs Prince Saud al-Faisal as saying that would not, but would instead by extending our hands to a neighbor to a page. "
If those two, it could that are tearing Yemen apart.
On the other side, Foreign Minister Hossein and Saudi Arabia can bring about a "political solution" in Yemen,,.
If they don't, war could inflame the entire region
"We strongly object to the military solution in Yemen, said reiterating a view by Iranian officials.
(CNN) headed Manhattan Criminal Court Tsarnaeva was a perceived rival,.
"Leave my man alone."
Stop looking for him
...
I know that put a bomb where you live, ", according to the complaint.
Threats prosecutors a joke and charged with harassment, which she denies.
December the case.
The sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev.
Authorities are responsible for the Boston bombing, which left three people injured.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev later, is on trial.
Tsarnaev's lawyers dispute that he did.
The defense argues and brother of terror
Rests Tsarnaev family first immigrated to back in 2002.
The parents,, were treated as asylum -- for taxpayer-funded welfare.
The state of the Tsarnaevs received public and aid,, between 2002 and 2012.
During this time, Tsarnaev began his conversion to Islam.
According to investigators's with toward the West.
Not much is known about Tsarnaeva daughters, Ailina and Bella though,.
With charges of making threats, Ailina has record case.
She pleaded no jail time.
She was also charged with leaving the scene of an accident, but that charge was dismissed.
Her older sister, Bella, was charged with marijuana possession and after a 2012 arrest program.
Their mother, Zubeidat Tsarnaeva, has had.
She fled to 2012, where she.
She was arrested for shoplifting of clothing from Taylor department store.
She is wanted on.
U.S. authorities in 2011 about her son Tamerlan, the 2013.
U.S. authorities added the mother and son to the Terrorist,, database Counterterrorism Center.
Zubeidat Tsarnaev as part of the investigation into her son after.
Tsarnaev In, has maintained also calling the charges against her sons "made up."
Her, Tsarnaeva said that her brother Dzhokhar.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev now faces criminal counts including using a weapon of mass destruction causing death.
On Tuesday,, defense lawyers stand.
Expected Monday.
Watch Erin Burnett weekdays 7pm.
A raid on the Garissa University in Kenya has left nearly 150 people dead -- including students -- wounded.
Attacked the campus and hostages before being killed by security forces, officials said.
U.S. Embassy in Nairobi said Al-Shabaab militants.
The harrowing attack comes just months after Al-Shabaab in.
The terrorist group has been in the region.
, Somali-American.
Al-Shabaab is a Somali group that the United States designated as a foreign terrorist organization in March.
Wants to turn Somalia into a Islamic state, according to the Council on Foreign Relations.
The group has attacks international workers,,.
It has history, too.
To quarry Al-Shabaab 2010 that,,.
The total size of Al-Shabaab is not clear.
In a U.S. official who declined to be identified estimated up to 1,000 fighters.
A United Nations report identified one insurgent leader ",".
Al-Shabaab has links to other organizations.
In 2012, the group's leader,, Ayman al-Zawahiri announcing.
Government made Somalia a target for radical Islamist groups.
Al-Shabaab al-Ittihad (AIAI), which worked to create an Islamist emirate in Somalia.
It was, according to the.
AIAI as a terrorist group, strengthened's military regime years ensued.
In a erupted's -- seeking a -- younger who Islamic.
Al-Shabaab ".")
That strife led the members to ally with a group -- the Islamic Courts Union -- that was seeking over by feuding the capital.
Islamic Union and Al-Shabaab control Mogadishu.
That sparked fears in Ethiopia that violence would spill over there, according to the Council on Foreign Relations.
Those -- a request from Somalia's transitional government -- led Ethiopian forces to enter Somalia in 2006 to ICU.
Al-Shabaab attacked Ethiopian parts of southern Somalia, according to 2011 by, with the the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
In northern Kenya blamed on Al-Shabaab, the government cross-border incursion aimed at creating a security buffer zone in southern Somalia.
Crossed the border and expelled Al-Shabaab from Baidoa and Mogadishu.
The group then targeted African government buildings in suicide attacks.
A suicide bombing in March killed five people at the presidential palace.
Analysts say Al-Shabaab in recent years join the group.
Has a sophisticated public relations arm video.
Al-Shabaab has a as slickly as a reality TV show, with a voice and a startling message: ", shell by shell, going when them to,".
But Al-Shabaab.
Abu Mansour al-Amriki, a Al-Shabaab group said in a video posted online Al-Shabaab "" his life.
Is Omar Hammami was reportedly in.
Able to confirm.
Finding.
Britain's Somali community knows of Somali men returned for terrorist training.
Al-Shabaab "succeeded in recruiting a number of Americans to fight in Somalia, most of whom are from Minnesota," Peter Bergen wrote.
Operation Rhino, a effort to crack down on Al-Shabaab,.
Al Qaeda powerhouse,, according to the report.
States was with in Yemen and in the region abroad.
It was generating "70 100 and services in domestic produce ', checkpoints and various forms of justified in obligation," according to the report from the U.N.
Monitoring Somalia.
In 2011, the U.N. declared Somalia and Lower Shabelle agencies to provide famine-stricken.
, U.N. Interagency Group for said Somalia had the highest mortality rate for children 4 and younger.
About 258,000 Somalis died between October and April, and the victims according to the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization and the Warning Network.
The United States has supported U.N.-backed African forces fighting and group.
It has also donated millions in aid.
In September, Somali selected the new president in a vote that marked a milestone had a years.
But that didn't mean Al-Shabaab was quits.
In January 2013, French forces attempted to rescue a commando held in Somalia by the group.
Raid dead and Islamist fighters.
Political progress in Somalia.
The Somali government.
) A door bearing by artist was seized by police Thursday over its sale, Gaza.
The owner of the door,, filed a complaint with a Gaza court value, sold the door.
Door will remain Khan in southern Gaza until a court hearing at a date yet to be determined.
With nothing.
Doorway door.
He sold the door in for, not realizing.
"We sold it an door," said, "
The it. "
Darduna duped into believing the door was a normal door canvas, one of the world's artists had painted a hand.
Was likely a small fortune -- Darduna gave away for a fraction of its value.
"started the artist, and,".
[The buyer].
My house is demolished.
We emotionally.
Ask him to return.
In Gaza has he painted series.
His works adorn homes turning rubble into riches.
Some of Banksy's art has sold for hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Has never revealed his identity, he is graffiti artist who began displaying his work in the early 1990s.
His street art often portrays messages.
Says offers Banksy's portrait of a with metal.
Text accompanying the image on his website, wrote: "A local man said -- what? '
I wanted to highlight the destruction photos on -- on the pictures.
Alshanbari says he's looking after the mural where his house once stood.
"A lot of people showed it, but I'm keeping it, and I won't sell it," he says.
It graffiti the the away.
It stands where the house.
A rubble.
CNN's Abu-Rahma reported from and CNN's Steve Almasy reported from.
(CNN) Twenty years ago, on April 19, 1995, Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive bomb in front of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City.
The attack killed 168 men, women and children,, the deadliest act of domestic terrorism in U.S. history.
The attack saw a "" and America lost innocence. "
The bombing took the country by surprise.
It wasn't simply the tragedy that but the exposed citizens government.
The public became aware of the true extreme right.
McVeigh and his accomplice Terry Nichols to anti-government,, to white supremacist.
Law enforcement.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation's 1994 annual report on terrorism extreme.
Its coverage of domestic terrorism focused on radicals and rights and environmental extremists.
In contrast, the report spent only a paragraph describing the threat from right-wing extremists.
Ignored the rapidly growing militia and sovereign citizen movements, and made events in Idaho.
In 1992, at Ruby Ridge, Idaho, a standoff between U.S.
And Randy Weaver family resulted, young and unarmed.
Agents launched an ill-conceived raid near Waco, Texas,, leading to the death of, including a number of children.
The, which saw them kill American.
Oklahoma everything changed.
FBI shifted priorities, work on terrorism cases.
It significantly expanded the number of Task Forces and went to Congress "" list.
The effort actually paid off.
Increased scrutiny of right-wing extremists resulted in arrests for from.
Had seemed recognized the dangers that extremists posed.
However, just six years after the Oklahoma City bombing, an event occurred that pushed to the background those lessons so dearly.
The September 11, 2001, terror attacks -- attacks of a scale that dwarfed that of the Oklahoma City bombing -- commanded the attention of the nation.
Government, law enforcement, the news media and the public rushed to grapple with the issue of extremism.
Expanding national attention, the 9 / 11 attacks attention.
Certainly, the 9 11 attacks warranted great attention.
The threat that international radical groups posed to the United States.
Moreover, the surge of right-wing extremism that seemingly ebbed.
Thus that concern over right-wing violence faded into the background.
The significance of the Oklahoma City bombing warning violence,.
This is a lesson that Americans must and.
Radical Islam, a threat to Americans.
Right-wing extremism after September 11.
Its bombing a steady stream of plots, terrorist acts and crimes.
It, too, represents a serious threat.
In fact, in recent years, violence from the right surged —.
From 1995 through 2000, according to the Anti-Defamation League's Center on Extremism, right-wing extremists were responsible for at least 47 different terrorist acts,.
However, during the six years through 2014, right-wing extremists in the U.S. were involved in at least 42 actual terrorist acts.
, Right-wing violence is at or close to levels during the Oklahoma City bombing.
These illustrate that violent extremism.
Generated the Oklahoma City bombing is in 2015 and.
The anniversary of the Oklahoma City bombing provides that its significance does not disappear from the public eye.
Teach is that the United States faces multiple sources of extremism which must be taken seriously.
Americans must respond to violence.
(CNN) A South African university is celebrating the removal of a British colonialist's statue after protests.
Cape Town students took to social media to demand Rhodes statue,.
The hashtag RhodesMustFall, expressed a campaign that.
The RhodesHas.
The university said Wednesday the authority granted it permission to remove the statue.
"These steps are being taken to ensure the statue," the university said in a statement.
Rhodes statue was unveiled at the university, which has a scholarship and.
# RhodesMustFall gained attention after activists threw excrement on the statue in March.
"this country -- supremacy, racism, misogyny," says Mahapa of the students,.
"Students are saying these ideals that".
"The statue represents what is wrong with society."
Pretoria, another group of protesters disagreed.
"This isn't confronting, this is erasing" says, who participated in a Thursday that involved activists to Kruger statue # RhodesHasFallen.
, Kruger's statue was pelted.
Afrikaner opposition.
Groups also to the statue of Dutch colonizer Jan van Riebeeck in Cape Town.
"I want fewer monuments".
"more monuments.
Don't ones are all history. "
Mahapa said statue history.
"People will be looking at statue and history and" says.
"We need to be moving university where African be appreciated."
Said the statue is a race issue
"There are huge gaping differences between people in South Africa and that is why have its statues," he says.
Students marked the statue march.
They held signs that said "."
