 cambodian leader hun sen on friday rejected opposition parties' demands for talks outside the country, accusing them of trying to ``internationalize '' the political crisis.
 king norodom sihanouk has declined requests to chair a summit of cambodia top political leaders, saying the meeting would not bring any progress in negotiations to form a government.
 cambodia two-party opposition asked the asian development bank monday to stop providing loans to the incumbent government, which it calls illegal.
 cambodia party responded tuesday to criticisms of its leader in the u.s. congress with a lengthy defense of strongman hun sen human rights record.
 cambodia party ruled out sharing the presidency of parliament with its arch foe saturday, insisting it must occupy the top position in the legislative body.
 cambodia political parties broke a three-month deadlock friday and agreed to a coalition prime minister, king sihanouk announced.
 cambodian politicians expressed hope monday that a new partnership between the parties of strongman hun sen and his rival, prince norodom ranariddh, in a coalition government would not end in more violence.
 cambodian leader hun sen has guaranteed the safety and political freedom of all politicians, to ease the fears of his rivals that they will be arrested if they return to the country.
 party colleagues face arrest for politics, opposition leader sam rainsy further security promised by strongman sihanouk that he was eager to attend the first session of the assembly on nov. nov. to concerns members may be arrested upon return to cambodia.
 king sihanouk on tuesday praised agreements by cambodia two political parties to form a coalition led by strongman hun sen.
 honduras braced for potential catastrophe tuesday as hurricane mitch roared through the northwest waves that ground.
 hurricane mitch paused in the western caribbean on wednesday to punish honduras with # # #, topping trees, sweeping away bridges, flooding neighborhoods and killing at least.
 hurricane mitch cut through honduran coast like a ripsaw thursday, its devastating winds for a third day through islands and mainland communities.
 at least # # confirmed dead in honduras from former-hurricane mitch, the storm death toll in the region to, the emergency commission said saturday.
 in honduras, at least # # deaths have been blamed on mitch, the national commission said saturday. el salvador where # # died in floods a state of emergency saturday, as did guatemala, where people died when floods swept away their homes.
 nicaraguan vice president bolanos said sunday night that between #, # # # people were buried in a # # # # square-kilometer of the casita volcano in northern nicaragua.
 the european union tuesday approved # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
 pope john paul appealed for aid wednesday for the central american stricken by hurricane mitch and said he feels close to the thousands who are suffering.
 information from honduras' ravaged countryside to lower the death toll from hurricane mitch from to on thursday, but the needed.
 aid workers friday to reach hurricane mitch are in danger of dying from starvation and disease in the wake of the storm that officials killed more than people
 cuban president fidel castro said sunday he disagreed with the arrest in london of chilean dictator augusto pinochet, calling it a case of international meddling.
 britain has defended its arrest of gen. augusto pinochet, with one lawmaker saying that chile the former chilean dictator has diplomatic immunity is ridiculous.
 margaret thatcher entertained augusto pinochet at her home two weeks before he was arrested in his bed in a london hospital, the ex-prime minister said tuesday amid diplomatic and domestic controversy over the move.
 the spanish and british governments appeared wednesday to be seeking shelter from the political storm brewing over the possible extradition of chilean dictator augusto pinochet to spain.
 a delegation of chilean legislators lobbying against the extradition of augusto pinochet to spain to face trial, warned thursday that chile was on the brink of political turmoil.
 europe official said friday that he hoped chilean dictator augusto pinochet would be extradited to spain to be tried for crimes committed during his rule.
 the wife of chilean dictator augusto pinochet appealed for his release, saying he is too sick to be extradited to spain to face charges of genocide.
 the british and spanish prime ministers said sunday that the fate of chilean dictator augusto pinochet is in the hands of their judicial authorities and they will not interfere.
 the swiss government has ordered no investigation of accounts belonging to chilean dictator augusto pinochet, a spokesman said wednesday.
 as his lawyers in london tried to quash a spanish arrest warrant for gen. augusto, the former chilean dictator, efforts geneva to have him extradited.
 prosecutors have asked for a to provide germany with paperwork necessary to extradite a top of saudi terrorist suspect bin laden, officials said saturday.
 taliban chief justice accused the united states on wednesday of looking for an ``excuse '' to launch missile attack on his war-shattered homeland.
 fbi agents this week began questioning relatives of the victims of the aug. # # u.s. the seriously injured on request of the u.s. office for the southern district of new york, a u.s. official said thursday.
 police arrested two journalists and charged them with writing articles to encourage muslim youths to stage an islamic revolution in bangladesh after the afghanistan, a police officer said thursday.
 the man accused of orchestrating the embassy bombings in tanzania and kenya was declared a free man friday in afghanistan, where he has lived for years with the permission of the hard-line islamic militia.
 albania says it has uncovered a terrorist network by osama bin laden, the islamic accused of the august embassy bombings in africa and that it, sunday reported.
 the united states has obtained new evidence to link the owner of a sudanese factory destroyed in a u.s. to a group backed by osama bin laden, the of u. africa, according to u. TL;DR: the united states.
 one of the clear but unstated objectives of last august on afghanistan was to kill osama bin laden and as many of his lieutenants as possible, administration officials now acknowledge.
 in the summer of an operative for osama bin laden sat at his personal computer in a hideaway in kenya. he worried about the security of the ``east africa network '' bin laden, the saudi exile accused of masterminding a worldwide terrorist conspiracy against americans.
 osama bin laden stands trial new york for the bombings of the u.s. africa and other acts of terror, it will call as a chief witness of his senior aides who has been talking to investigators for two years.
 in a critical ruling for the north american national basketball association and the players' union, arbitrator john feerick decides monday whether players with guaranteed contracts should be paid during the lockout.
 in a critical ruling for the north american national basketball association and the players' union, arbitrator john feerick decides monday whether players with guaranteed contracts should be paid during the lockout.
 he was the classic small-town prodigy, the of a big-city profiteer. when there was no shot to take, he invented a new one.
 in a decision that will almost certainly lead to the first work stoppage in national basketball association history, the league monday announced the cancellation of all # # #.
 patrick ewing did not want to sound like a striking longshoreman demanding health benefits. ``i'm not going to try and put it in dollars and cents.
 the first substantive talks in more than two months between opposing sides of the national basketball association labor dispute thursday a.
 despite a new proposal by the players to the national basketball association tuesday canceled the first two weeks of the regular season, the first time in the league its to a dispute.
 the national basketball association in a labor dispute with its players tuesday canceled the first two weeks of the season.
 national basketball players with guaranteed contracts will find out monday whether they are to be paid during the management lockout, a long-awaited arbitrator that may affect leverage in the league players and have major ramifications on american sports-labor.
 labor the current one between the national basketball association and its players is weird even by sports standards.
 a village in western uganda killed six soldiers off, a military spokesman said thursday.
 congolese rebels have taken their two-month campaign to oust president laurent kabila to the internet. we have to explain to the world who we are and what we 'fighting for,' rebel leader ernest wamba dia said on friday.
 congolese rebels have taken their two-month campaign to oust president laurent kabila to the internet. we have to explain to the world who we are and what we 'fighting for,' rebel leader ernest wamba dia said on friday.
 a day of fighting, congolese rebels said sunday they had entered kindu, the strategic town and airbase in eastern congo used by the government to halt their advances.
 rebel commanders said tuesday they were poised to overrun an important air base in eastern congo a battle that could determine the future of the congolese war.
 the bandages of injured rebels trucked back to base wednesday offered evidence that the three-day battle for the strategic air base at kindu was not going well for those fighting to oust kabila.
 rebels in eastern congo on saturday said they shot down a passenger jet ferrying into a strategic airport facing a rebel assault.
 a day after a jetliner, congolese rebels rwandan sunday through government defense lines, a victor in a week-old battle for a strategic air base.
 a day after a jetliner carrying people, rebels clashed with troops near a strategic airstrip in eastern congo on sunday.
 back in the years, kasuku ngeyo had a farm and was the head of a # # # -strong farmers organization in the northeastern of this central nation.
 indonesian president b.j. habibie summit of asia-pacific leaders ``difficult because of his concerns about the arrest of malaysia deputy prime minister, thai newspaper reported sunday.
 the leaders of malaysia party tuesday to discuss a replacement for ousted deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim, who faces trial next month in a case that will test the country.
 after an unusual, one-on-one chat tuesday night, the philippine and indonesian presidents were considering staying away from an asia-pacific summit in malaysia to protest the treatment of their jailed friend anwar.
 philippine ambassador to malaysia said friday malaysian foreign ministry to anwar.
 the last time the asia-pacific summit to promote free trade japan assured his economy asia.
 bowing to pressure, taiwan will send its chief economic planner to represent president lee at november asian pacific economic cooperation summit in kuala, the foreign ministry said friday.
 top finance officials from asia-pacific region advised asia on sunday to adopt further reforms in their effort to restore stability.
 agenda global, but the menu will be malaysian when world leaders meet for the asia-pacific economic cooperation forum.
 a group of high-powered investors in southeast asia on monday applauded efforts to perk up thailand, saying they had been assured by top thai officials that economic reform packages will soon be approved.
 in little more than a week, the world will converge on this businesslike city in the heart of southeast asia for the asia pacific economic cooperation forum.
 israel cabinet announced within hours of a market bombing friday that it will put off a vote on wye until palestinians crack down on terrorism.
 a car rigged with explosives blew up friday morning in jerusalem market israelis shopping for the jewish sabbath, killing two people and wounding.
 blood and soot-blackened ran in rivulets from the charred wreckage. a bent to cover a corpse with whatever was at hand a sodden piece of cardboard, a plastic shopping bag.
 israel cabinet decided friday to suspend indefinitely its ratification of the land-for-security agreement with the palestinians.
 the group islamic jihad claimed responsibility saturday for the suicide bombing jerusalem market and promised more attacks to try to block the new peace accord.
 prime minister benjamin netanyahu said saturday that israel would continue to build jewish neighborhoods throughout jerusalem, including at a controversial site in the traditionally arab sector of the city.
 prime minister benjamin netanyahu said saturday that israel would continue to build jewish neighborhoods throughout jerusalem, including at a controversial site in the traditionally arab sector of the city.
 setting the stage for a new quarrel over how to crack down on militants israel demanding that the military wing of two islamic groups be outlawed, the palestinian authority has banned them.
 the militant palestinian movement islamic holy war said saturday that it carried out the suicide bombing jerusalem market on friday, which prompted arrests by the palestinian authority overnight.
 on a, last friday at the time he usually left for work at his produce store, youssef sughayer said goodbye to his grandmother for the last time and rode off to his death.
 on the face of jailed anwar ibrahim, splashed on front pages for two days and downloaded from the internet, are blemishing the image of malaysian police.
 prime minister mahathir said friday he choosy about who will be his successor. the man need not necessarily be very religious and only with doing virtuous deeds at all times, the national news agency, quoted mahathir as saying after friday prayers at the mosque in the northern town of
 the european union on friday expressed its ``deep concern '' over reports of abuse of malaysia deputy-prime minister, anwar ibrahim, who was arrested last month.
 deprived of a voice in state-controlled newspapers and television, supporters of malaysia jailed opposition leader have turned to the internet views.
 indonesian president b.j. habibie summit of asia-pacific leaders ``difficult because of his concerns about the arrest of malaysia deputy prime minister, thai newspaper reported sunday.
 a witness in the government sexual misconduct case against malaysia deputy prime minister to appeal his conviction, his attorney said monday.
 the leaders of malaysia party tuesday to discuss a replacement for ousted deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim, who faces trial next month in a case that will test the country.
 prime minister deputy now his most prominent opponent, to demand their client from indefinite detention.
 the arrest of former malaysian deputy prime minister anwar won't lead to massive unrest away malaysia said thursday.
 asia leaders prime minister mahathir mohamad was notable as a man with a bold vision that would push this nation into the forefront of world affairs.
 special envoy richard holbrooke said monday the military situation in kosovo was two weeks ago.
 the united states and russia are ratcheting up the pressure on president slobodan milosevic, warning that nato airstrikes are inevitable unless he takes decisive action to end the humanitarian crisis in the southern serbian province.
 the united states and russia are ratcheting up the pressure on president slobodan milosevic, warning that nato airstrikes are inevitable unless he takes decisive action to end the humanitarian crisis in the southern serbian province.
 the united states and russia are ratcheting up the pressure on yugoslav president slobodan milosevic, warning that nato airstrikes are inevitable unless he takes decisive action to end the crisis in kosovo province.
 with the threat of nato attack mounting, yugoslavia prime minister warned monday the nation faces the ``immiment danger of war '' and claimed the government was taking steps to comply with international demands for peace in kosovo.
 with the threat of nato attack mounting, yugoslavia prime minister warned monday the nation faces the ``imminent danger of war '' and claimed the government is taking steps to comply with international demands for peace in kosovo.
 with nato attacks said to be days away, top envoy richard holbrooke delivered an warning monday to yugoslavia to halt his crackdown on ethnic albanians in kosovo airstrikes.
 with nato attacks said to be days away, top envoy richard holbrooke delivered a last-minute warning monday to yugoslavia to halt his crackdown on ethnic albanians in kosovo airstrikes.
 threat to end offensive against ethnic albanian separatists in kosovo, president slobodan milosevic of yugoslavia has ordered most units of his army back to barracks an attack by the alliance, diplomats say.
 the envoy richard holbrooke met with president milosevic of yugoslavia monday night and according to american diplomats told him to take further steps to pull back his military in kosovo province or face a nato attack.
 famine-threatened north korea will be no better this year and could be worse, a senior u.n. aid official said saturday.
 the founder of south korea conglomerate plans to visit his native north korea with a gift of, company officials said thursday.
 a north korean man arrived in seoul wednesday and sought asylum after escaping his hunger-stricken homeland, officials said.
 north korea is entering its fourth winter of chronic food shortages with its people malnourished and at risk of dying from normally curable illnesses, senior red cross officials said tuesday.
 of shortages have stunted the growth of millions of north korean children, with two-thirds of children under age seven malnourishment, u.n. said wednesday.
 despite at home, north korea plans to send athletes and officials to next month asian thailand, south korean officials said thursday.
 hunger and malnutrition in cambodia are reaching crisis levels of famine in north korea, a world food program representative said tuesday.
 police in northeastern china jilin province said monday they rounded up at least north koreans and sent them back to a famine in their country.
 a congressman who visited remote parts of north korea said saturday that the food and health situation was desperate and deteriorating, and that millions of north koreans might have starved to death in the last few years.
 more than five years of severe food shortages and breakdown in the public health system have led to devastating malnutrition in korea an entire generation of children mentally impaired, a new study by international aid groups has found.
 organizers of december games have dismissed reports that a sports complex would not be completed on time, saying preparations are well in hand, a local newspaper said friday.
 thailand showed its nearly complete facilities for the asian games to a tough thursday the the the december event.
 thai police have detained more than # #, in a campaign to make bangkok for and athletes arriving for the upcoming asian games, a senior police officer said friday.
 china team could call back four players from overseas to boost its chances at the asian games in thailand in december, an official newspaper reported monday.
 saudi arabia the asian games left organizers scrambling thursday to change schedules and thai diplomats a decade of relations strained by jewel theft and the murder of diplomats.
 horses belonging to iran equestrian team will not be allowed to compete in next month 'the commission, the thai organizers announced thursday.
 saudi arabia is considering sending a team to the bangkok asian games pulled out unexpectedly this week, saudi official said saturday.
 a snooker game between longtime asian rivals india and pakistan led to a flareup of tempers sunday, showing a depth of differences that shocked thai organizers at the asian games.
 for some teams, ``out of bounds' at the asian games a line on a soccer field or basketball floor. the host city of viagra and notorious night life.
 in rites symbolizing dawn to a fiery cauldron lighting, thailand opened the asian games sunday night, giving thais some respite from an economic crisis that once threatened the olympic-style event.
 china was expected to sign a key u.n. human rights treaty and prime minister tony blair, a prominent human rights campaigner in monday.
 police detained the organizer of a group set up by dissidents to monitor official corruption and told him the group must cease, a human rights group said thursday.
 china central government arrest of prominent democracy campaigner and use his contacts with exiled chinese dissidents to charge him with harming national security, a colleague said wednesday.
 china said thursday that two prominent dissidents arrested this week are suspected of endangering security clearest chinese to quash a would-be opposition party.
 with attorneys locked or, prominent dissidents defend themselves thursday in china in two years.
 in response to criticism from home and abroad, chinese officials wednesday to defend their arrest this week of a prominent dissident who was trying to form an opposition political party.
 leader of a suppressed new political party will be tried on a charge of colluding with china to incite the subversion of state power '' according to court documents given to his wife on monday.
 a dissident fleeing a new round of arrests of activists in shanghai arrived here wednesday and announced that he and other opponents of the chinese government plan a demonstration thursday at the united nations to protest the crackdown.
 protesting the lack of a defense lawyer, the father of a prominent dissident is to seek a delay in his son to thursday in the central city of wuhan.
 the trials of two prominent advocates for inciting subversion of the state thursday morning, with the families of defendants to.
 a week after the house congressional disavowed his ``war '' on speaker newt gingrich, james carville, president clinton former outside defender, wednesday he will not be muzzled.
 the presidential campaign of wednesday, like it or not. the election will be played on a political playing field whose rough outlines, if not its exact boundaries, were drawn by the voters in tuesday delivered a crushing disappointment to the giddy hopes of the democrats.
 newt gingrich is supposed to do well. the planning.
 by the democratic resurgence in the mid-term congressional republicans tore into each other wednesday over who was to blame for their failure to make the traditional an off-year election.
 by the democratic resurgence in the mid-term congressional republicans tore into each other wednesday over who was to blame for their failure to make the traditional an off-year election.
 by the democratic resurgence in the mid-term congressional republicans tore into each other wednesday over who was to blame for their failure to make the traditional an off-year election.
 an intense struggle for control of the house is underway bob livingston a telephone replace rep. newt gingrich as speaker gingrich counter-campaign that some members.
 a struggle for control of the house is under way robert livingston a campaign lead to him running speaker.
 just years ago, it was a good bet that newt gingrich would be the pivotal figure in u.s. at the turn of the millennium.
 house speaker newt gingrich, who orchestrated the republican of recent years and is overseeing the impeachment inquiry into president was driven from office friday by a party that swiftly turned on him after its unexpected losses in tuesday.
 the outcome of the antitrust case may be a long way off, but one thing is already clear: this is the first major e-mail trial.
 online is on the verge of agreeing to purchase communications the internet the the government microsoft corp., the talks said sunday.
 online is on the verge of agreeing to purchase communications the internet the the government microsoft corp., the talks said sunday.
 america online inc. wants to become the ``next microsoft '' in two fields where microsoft corp. is just another company the internet media and electronic commerce.
 prices vaulted to record levels monday, furthering a recovery that as two months ago seemed unthinkable. ``i thought we were in the most serious correction since i thought the bull market was over '' co. '
 corp. argued in federal court that the proposed acquisition of netscape communications corp. by america online seriously undermined the government suit against the software giant.
 in which the world wide web is a marketplace of information, entertainment, products and services, america online inc. tuesday laid out the details of its agreement to buy the netscape communications for #.
 the new york times said in an editorial for nov. # #: america online to acquire netscape and set up a partnership with sun microsystems is a reminder of how rapidly the corporate landscape can change in fast-moving technical fields.
 america online the most potent in cyberspace appealing teen-agers who want to flirt online adults for an easy way to send mail while and sports scores.
 america online the most potent in cyberspace appealing teen-agers who want to flirt online adults for an easy way to send mail while and sports scores.
 wall street extended a global stock selloff thursday with the dow industrials tumbling more points for a second straight day.
 president boris yeltsin would respond to any effort to prohibit russians from buying foreign currencies, believing the move would be like bringing another curtain down on the country, his spokesman said friday.
 president leonid kuchma called for ``corrections' to ukraine of market reforms reforms would continue.
 parliament on friday refused to approve president kuchma decree establishing a state fund to compensate people for savings lost in banks.
 prime minister yevgeny primakov said saturday that the economic crisis would not bring an end to the government of privatizing state property.
 russia new prime minister picked unusual way to reassure thursday. after two weeks of deliberations he announced that he still had no plan to rescue the country from its economic crisis.
 the world finance ministers and central bankers last year hong kong, they nervously congratulated each other for containing at least for the moment ``a in asia.
 in a season of plunging paychecks rotating governments, it is not the ultimate insult.
 united states is disappointed by the confusion within the new russian government of prime minister yevgeny primakov, said secretary of state albright on friday and she warned russia about the dangers of an policy.
 the party has its way and it has been planning for months russians will take to the streets on wednesday for some of the biggest demonstrations in years.
 turkey has sent #, # # border syria amid growing tensions between the two neighbors, newspapers reported thursday.
 it does not want to be involved in any potential military confrontation between syria and turkey is routine exercises along its border with syria.
 egyptian president mubarak met here sunday with syrian president hafez assad to try to defuse growing tension between syria and turkey.
 egyptian president mubarak met here sunday with syrian president hafez assad to try to defuse growing tension between syria and turkey.
 turkey kept up warlike rhetoric against damascus egypt began shuttle between the two neighbors to avoid a military confrontation over turkish bases in syria.
 iran has offered to mediate between syria and turkey in the dispute over kurdish to dispatch envoys to the two countries, tehran reported monday.
 iran has offered to mediate between syria and turkey in the dispute over kurdish will dispatch envoys to the two countries, tehran reported monday.
 monday denied it is harboring kurdish blamed israel for the rising tension between syria and turkey. president elias hrawi traveled to damascus monday for a summit meeting with president hafez assad to show lebanon.
 greece on monday warned that turkey and syria could lead to ``tragic results' 'if not dealt with in its early stages.
 monday denied it is harboring kurdish blamed israel for the rising tension between syria and turkey. president elias hrawi traveled to damascus monday for a summit meeting with president hafez assad to show lebanon.
 united states maxi sayonara looks set to continue the foreign domination of line honors in australia to hobart yacht race, which starts saturday.
 yachts brindabella, sayonara and marchioness were locked in a three-way duel down the new south wales coast saturday as the sydney to hobart faced deteriorating weather.
 a search was under way in strait off australia southeast coast on sunday for an injured crewman during the sydney-to-hobart race.
 two yacht crew members are dead, three yachts remain missing and rescue resources were stretched to the limit monday as seas and gale-force winds continued to batter the sydney-to-hobart race fleet.
 two yacht crew members are dead, three yachts remain missing and rescue resources were stretched to the limit monday as seas and gale-force winds continued to batter the sydney-to-hobart race fleet.
 gale-force seas battered sydney-to-hobart race monday, killing at least two crew members and leaving two yachts missing.
 gale-force seas battered australia sydney-to-hobart race monday, killing at least two crew members and leaving three yachts missing.
 gale-force seas battered australia sydney-to-hobart race monday, killing at least two crew members and leaving three yachts missing.
 two sailors died and others were missing after gale-force winds and high seas yachts in the yacht race monday.
 british sailor glyn charles was missing and presumed drowned the third in the sydney-to-hobart race while three others remained missing in rough seas after monday.
 for the second day in a row, astronauts boarded space shuttle endeavour on friday for liftoff nasa space station construction flight.
 astronauts closed in sunday to capture the first piece of the international space station, the russian-made module that had to be connected to the unity chamber aboard the shuttle.
 astronauts the first two building blocks of the international space station on sunday, a tower in the shuttle bay.
 astronauts the first two building blocks of the international space station on sunday, a tower in the shuttle bay.
 astronauts the first two building blocks of the international space station on sunday, a tower in the shuttle bay.
 astronauts the first two building blocks of the international space station on sunday, a tower in the shuttle bay.
 washington and the russian space agency agreed to set aside a last-minute russian request to launch an international space station into an orbit closer to mir, officials announced friday.
 a last-minute alarm forced nasa to halt thursday launch of the space shuttle endeavour, on a mission to start assembling the international space station.
 the planet began friday as the shuttle carried into orbit six astronauts and the first u.s.-built part of an international space station that is expected to cost more than # # billion.
 following a series of maneuvers and the space shuttle endeavour robot arm, astronauts on sunday joined the first two of many segments that will form the international space station.
 in his most candid remarks yet on the economy, european central bank president duisenberg said friday that growth appears to be slowing in the countries adopting the eu common currency euro on jan.
 in a surprise move, nations adopting the new european currency,, dropped key interest rates thursday, the rate that will be adopted throughout the euro zone on jan.
 making their first decision about monetary policy, the european nations currency on jan. in a surprise move that won market confidence.
 china made trading official monday, announcing european currency
 before the new currency goes into effect for european, a growing number of danes believe their country should take part, according to a poll published tuesday.
 the annual inflation rate in the nations that adopt the euro as their currency on jan. # # in november, the european union reported wednesday.
 duisenberg, the head of the new european central bank, said in an interview published wednesday that he won't step down after his term as earlier agreed.
 europe of union reality thursday nations irrevocably lock currencies together to create an economic giant whose boundaries the.
 in the equities market europe, french authorities said thursday that the paris exchange would join an alliance between london and frankfurt that is seen as the precursor of a pan-european market.
 in one hand, in the other, jean-marc routiers, was juggling business calls london and paris.
 indonesia on tuesday denied claims that its troops massacred more than east timorese portugal for suspending talks over the future of the troubled territory.
 taiwan foreign ministry on thursday blamed ``administrative negligence for an incident in which nobel peace prize winner josi ramos-horta was left stranded at the airport after being refused entry.
 bent on revenge for earlier attacks on mobs set fire to four mosques in timor monday after a protest and strike by thousands of christians into a riot, the military and a muslim leader said.
 protesters on sunday urged australian military leaders to identify indonesian officers trained to allow monitoring of human rights abuses in east timor.
 protesters on sunday urged australian military leaders to identify indonesian officers trained to allow monitoring of human rights abuses in east timor.
 representatives of exiled east timorese groups said friday indonesian troops attacked unarmed civilians in a village in the disputed southeast asian territory, killing one timorese and wounding others.
 representatives of exiled east timorese groups said friday indonesian troops attacked unarmed civilians in a village in the disputed southeast asian territory, killing one timorese and wounding others.
 representatives of exiled east timorese groups said friday indonesian troops attacked unarmed civilians in a village in the disputed southeast asian territory, killing one timorese and wounding others.
 in a decision welcomed as a landmark by portugal, european leaders saturday backed calls for a referendum to decide the fate of east timor, the portuguese colony indonesia since # #.
 as a u.n. envoy trotted toward an indonesian army helicopter, east timorese protesters spilled onto the runway and shouted their anger at soldiers.
 there's room for a few names on a century roll of writers will be added this week when the academy nobel.
 when alfred nobel writing the directions a prize in his name, he chose an unclear word and scratched out a few letters.
 portuguese novelist saramago includes a section of europe breaking off and floating out to sea, thursday was named the winner of the nobel prize.
 saramago became the first portuguese to win the nobel prize for literature on thursday. his delight was seconded by a burst of elation in his homeland.
 a day after winning the prize for literature, portuguese novelist saramago insisted that while he was delighted to win the award, it have gone to portuguese.
 former president jimmy carter perennial nobel prize also-ran, had deadline rules for nominations.
 robert f. louis j. ignarro and murad of the united states on monday won the nobel prize. they were given the prize for their discoveries system, according to the citiation from the karolinska lnstitute.
 three american researchers on monday won the prize for discovering how a signal molecule in the cardiovascular system, a breakthrough with applications from of the arteries to impotence.
 saramago, a # #, who won loyal readers across europe and vocal admirers in the united states, was awarded this year prize in literature thursday by the academy in stockholm.
 three pharmacologists were awarded prize on monday for their surprising discoveries of natural production of a gas,, a wide variety of bodily actions.
 sharon, the general tipped to be israel minister, said in an interview sunday that if he gets the job, he won't shake the hand of palestinian leader yasser arafat.
 biography of ariel sharon, named israel foreign minister: in kfar mallal in british-ruled palestine.
 ariel sharon as the israeli foreign minister serves as the mercy '' the middle east peace process, syrian newspaper said saturday.
 ariel sharon as the israeli foreign minister serves as the mercy '' the middle east peace process, syrian newspaper said saturday.
 ariel sharon as the israeli foreign minister serves as the mercy '' the middle east peace process, syrian newspaper said saturday.
 ariel sharon as the israeli foreign minister serves as the mercy '' the middle east peace process, syrian newspaper said saturday.
 a senior palestinian negotiator says the success of a peace summit this week washington depends on a clear-cut ``no '' from israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to an american initiative.
 ariel sharon has a law degree, and fancies himself a farmer. for more than three decades his role in israeli has been that of an unapologetic warrior, first on the battlefield and later in the bare-knuckled combat of partisan politics.
 prime minister benjamin netanyahu appointed ariel sharon, a hawkish former defense minister, to be israeli foreign minister on friday in an effort to placate the far right as he moves closer to palestinians.
 the new york said in an editorial on saturday, oct. # days before heading to the united states for critical negotiations with palestinian leaders, prime minister benjamin netanyahu jolted the middle east peace effort with the appointment of sharon as israeli foreign minister.
 the international olympic committee has ordered a investigation into the payment of nearly dlrs # # #, the bid for the bid for the games.
 moving quickly to an escalating corruption scandal, ioc leaders questioned salt city officials friday in the investigation into alleged vote-buying by olympic city.
 the rules on gifts and benefits that were in force during the bidding for the olympics ``the finalist cities as well as third parties acting for them or on their behalf or on their behalf or in their favor, are forbidden to ioc members as well as their relatives by friends or companions u
 a top ioc official on saturday made explosive allegations of widespread olympic corruption, saying agents demand up to dlrs to deliver votes in the selection of host cities.
 a top ioc official on saturday made explosive allegations of widespread olympic corruption, saying agents demand up to dlrs to deliver votes in the selection of host cities.
 the mayor of the japanese city of nagano, site of the olympics, denied allegations that city officials bribed members of the international olympic committee to win the right to host the games.
 swiss ioc executive board member marc hodler said sunday he might be thrown out of the international olympic committee for making allegations of corruption within the olympic movement.
 the senior olympic official leveled allegations of corruption ioc said sunday he had been ``muzzled '' by president juan antonio samaranch and might be out of the organization.
 ioc president juan antonio samaranch on sunday promised to expel members if they are found guilty of accepting bribes.
 saying ``if we have to clean, we will clean '' juan antonio samaranch responded on sunday to allegations of corruption in the olympic bidding process by declaring that ioc members who were found to have accepted bribes from candidate cities could be expelled.
 amid a flurry of last minute preparations, the palestinian authority prepared thursday for a milestone on the road to maturity: its own airport.
 amid a flurry of last minute preparations, the fledgling palestinian authority prepared thursday for a milestone on the road to maturity: airport.
 the control tower is still without controls, the check-in counter has no computers and the runway can't function after dark for lack of flood lights.
 a major step toward statehood, the palestinians tuesday inaugurated gaza airport, their first gateway to the world, with cheers, tears and an outpouring of patriotism.
 a major step toward statehood, the palestinians tuesday inaugurated gaza airport, their first gateway to the world, with cheers, tears and an outpouring of patriotism.
 the first commercial flight landed at amman marka airport on saturday, an air route between jordan and gaza strip.
 israel threatened to close down the palestinian-run gaza airport over a security violation, an israeli official said tuesday that could further undermine the fragile peace process.
 israel threatened to close down the palestinian-run gaza airport over a security violation, an israeli official said tuesday that could further undermine the fragile peace process.
 israeli security officials delayed planes from taking off from the palestinian airport on wednesday, the latest tensions in a rare israeli-palestinian cooperation.
 israeli officials delayed planes from taking off from the palestinian airport on wednesday, marking the latest tensions in a rare israeli-palestinian cooperation.
 libyan leader moammar gadhafi began a surprise visit to tunisia on monday, his first since injuring his hip in july.
 farrakhan, the leader of a u.s. group, met with leader moammar on sunday and congratulated him on his recovery from a hip injury, state-run libyan reported.
 secretary general kofi annan said wednesday he was extending his north african tour to libyan authorities. the a conference in algiers before his arrival in tunis, his tour aimed at plans for a u.n. western.
 u.n. secretary-general kofi annan for libya saturday to hold talks aimed at putting two suspects on trial for the bombing lockerbie.
 secretary-general kofi annan arrived in libya saturday for talks aimed at bringing to trial two suspects in the bombing over lockerbie, scotland.
 meeting libyan leader moammar gadhafi in a tent, u.n. secretary-general kofi annan said he thinks an arrangement for bringing suspects to trial in the bombing of a airliner could be secured in the ``not too distant future.
 meeting libyan leader moammar gadhafi in a tent, u.n. secretary-general kofi annan said he thinks an arrangement for bringing suspects to trial in the bombing of a airliner could be secured in the ``not too distant future.
 libya justice minister on wednesday said the suspects in the bombing of a pan am jetliner should not become victims of western politics when they go on trial.
 qatar foreign minister, sheik hamad bin jaber al met libyan leader moammar gadhafi in the desert on saturday, libya reported.
 with mournful of prayers of healing, the people of lockerbie paid tribute to the people of lockerbie paid tribute to the people of pan on this tiny town monday.
 a kurdish rebel group fighting for autonomy in turkey faces an uncertain future following the detention in rome of its founder and leader.
 turkey stepped up the pressure on italy for the extradition of captured kurdish leader ocalan, warning sunday that granting asylum would amount to ``opening doors to terrorism.
 turkey stepped up pressure on italy for the extradition of captured kurdish leader ocalan, saying sunday asylum would amount to ``opening doors to terrorism.
 media and officials leveled strong opposition sunday to the extradition of abdullah ocalan, the arrested kurdish leader, to greece.
 about # #, # # # kurds who spent the night outside a military hospital where kurdish rebel leader abdullah ocalan continued their hunger strike monday to protest his detention.
 turkish authorities negotiated with mob leader monday to secure the release of an italian hostage to pressure italy into extraditing a kurdish rebel leader, a prosecutor said.
 authorities have turned back at least # people along the austro-italian border during an crackdown leader ocalan, austrian officials said monday.
 thousands of kurds living in romania closed restaurants, shops and companies to protest the arrest of abdullah ocalan italian authorities, a newspaper reported tuesday.
 about # # # policemen were assigned to protect turkish president demirel, who arrived tuesday on a three-day official visit.
 facing his first real foreign policy test, prime minister massimo d'alema decide what to do with a prominent kurdish leader who was arrested at rome thursday.
 corp. and mobil corp. have held discussions about their business operations, a person involved in the talks said wednesday.
 corp. and mobil corp. have held discussions about their business operations, a person involved in the talks said wednesday.
 whether or not the talks between exxon and mobil a merger or some other business combination, america is already being rewritten.
 news that exxon and mobil, two giants in the energy patch, were in merger talks last week is the biggest sign yet that corporate marriages are back in vogue.
 times are tough in the oil patch. still, it mind to accept the notion that hardship is driving profitable big oil merge british petroleum and amoco have agreed to do, or at least prospect, as exxon are doing.
 it was new highs for the &amp; poor and nasdaq composite friday as a wave of investors to the pushed stocks up.
 the boards of exxon corp. and mobil corp. are expected to meet tuesday to consider a merger agreement that would form the world company, a source close to the negotiations said friday.
 times are tough in the oil patch. still, it mind to accept the notion that hardship is driving profitable big oil merge british petroleum and amoco have agreed to do, or at least prospect, as exxon are doing.
 exxon and mobil, the nation two companies, confirmed friday that they were discussing a merger,, analysts and government officials that the of a new behemoth.
 they have been downsized, cut back and re-engineered. so when the remaining workers at mobil refinery, out of about a decade ago, heard last week that their company was discussing a possible merger with exxon was like a siren warning an valve might be about to blow.
 house speaker-elect robert l. livingston presented a fresh note of shock to the impeachment debate against president thursday as the republican leader was forced to admit to republican colleagues that he had carried on affairs in past.
 bob livingston, the speaker of the house, took no public role friday as the debate on whether to impeach president clinton.
 the passions were such that the democrats did not to hesitate to ``you resign! resign!
 rep. livingston, who confessed to thursday that he had had affairs, stunned the house chamber saturday morning by saying in the impeachment debate on president clinton that he would not serve as speaker and would quit congress in six months
 the only thing certain now is uncertainty. the smart money that president clinton will never resign and he.
 the new york times said in an editorial for sunday, dec. # #: the for partisan on party-line voting power an unexpected sideshow in the resignation of livingston from his role as speaker of the house.
 a last-minute democratic attempt to soften its action to censure house of representatives moved to impeach president jefferson clinton for perjury on saturday and to try him and him and him.
 in the end, the will of the people meant nothing. bob livingston could't have been clearer about that.
 it has gotten to the point where drastic action may be necessary. you know those movies about ebola virus outbreaks, where the guys in sterile suits come in, seal off the area completely it?
 ``we are here to debate impeachment and should not be distracted from that '' the whip, rep. david bonior, democrat of michigan, said during saturday debate, in what an impossible goal.
 russian space experts were making final preparations thursday at the baikonur rocket base to launch the first of a multibillion dollar international space station after a delay.
 a russian proton booster rocket carried the first part of the space station into orbit friday, the start of a new era in space.
 the first part of the international space station was orbiting earth on friday after a faultless launch that marked the start of a new exploration and.
 russian space officials the first module of the international space station tweak saturday to push it into higher orbit, and a meeting on earth to map out its future.
 astronauts closed in sunday to capture the first piece of the international space station, the russian-made module that had to be connected to the unity chamber aboard the shuttle.
 astronauts the first two building blocks of the international space station on sunday, a tower in the shuttle bay.
 astronauts the first two building blocks of the international space station on sunday, a tower in the shuttle bay.
 two astronauts spacewalk wednesday antenna to the space station earth.
 washington and the russian space agency agreed to set aside a last-minute russian request to launch an international space station into an orbit closer to mir, officials announced friday.
 the first piece of the international space station was orbiting earth friday, sprouting solar panels as it, which will eventually grow into the largest orbital laboratory in history.
 latin american leaders flew friday to portugal for a weekend summit to how they can shield their economies from the global financial crisis.
 leaders from latin american nations spain and portugal put finishing touches saturday on an ibero-american summit warning of global recession unless action is taken to stabilize the international financial system.
 caught in the middle of an economic crisis, many brazilian factories won pay the bonus.
 brazil and the international monetary fund moved closer tuesday to agreement on an dlrs # # # rescue package for the world.
 there's no such thing as a free lunch any longer in brazil, president fernando henrique cardoso is telling government workers. no calls, either.
 there's no such thing as a free lunch any longer in brazil, president fernando henrique cardoso is telling government workers. no calls, either.
 president fernando cardoso efforts to the largest economy in latin america may depend on the outcome of this weekend elections.
 the commerce department on tuesday a measure of the effects of the downturn on the economy, reporting that the nation trade deficit widened by # # # august to # # #.
 brazilian officials ended four days of meetings with representatives of the international monetary fund on tuesday living up to their public pledge to announce measures to reduce government deficits.
 the united states is preparing to commit u.s. taxpayer funds as part of a program of at least # # billion to try to insulate brazil and with it the rest of latin america, according to u.s. officials.
 a south korean lawmaker said friday communist north korea could be producing plutonium and more than.
 president bill clinton won south korea saturday for confronting north korea over a suspected nuclear site, and he warned the north to to achieve lasting peace on the peninsula.
 president bill clinton won south korea saturday for confronting north korea over a suspected nuclear site, and he warned the north to an historic chance to make a lasting peace on the peninsula.
 north korean news media on thursday said the communist nation is on full alert for war with the united states over comes.
 north korea has agreed to receive a u.s. delegation to discuss concerns about the construction complex that is widely feared to a weapons program, the state department said on wednesday.
 a congressman who visited remote parts of north korea said saturday that the food and health situation was desperate and deteriorating, and that millions of north koreans might have starved to death in the last few years.
 north korea has demanded that the united states pay hundreds of millions of dollars for the right to inspect a huge underground center that u.s. intelligence analysts fear a nuclear-weapons program, clinton administration officials said wednesday.
 here an list of foreign leaders and unfriendly allies an contribution to peace, security or america minimum.
 president clinton made an appeal to north korea on saturday to set aside any nuclear ambitions in favor of strengthening ties to south korea and the united states.
 in a green jacket and black cap, president clinton spent sunday visiting american troops stationed in south korea. he promoted a sergeant major and described the threats to his hopes for peaceful engagement with north korea.
 a cocoon loyal and president clinton said friday he must ``live with the consequences' democrats pride in the achievements of his presidency heart from its possibilities.
 in other years, reps. david price and julia carson had in common that they were democrats with relatively safe seats.
 it was a surprising scene three months ago when dennis rivera, one of york city labor leaders, was singing the praises of sen. m.
 it was not a voice mail message that dr. marilyn rymer, a neurologist in kansas city, would routinely delete as a democrat.
 the last time george voinovich ran for office, he won re-election as ohio with percent of the vote, stunning supporters and.
 the last time george voinovich ran for office, he won re-election as ohio with percent of the vote, stunning supporters and.
 nearly # #, the house voted friday to condemn the nazi-soviet pact of # #. the measure, a resolution was brought to the floor by rep. john shimkus, r-ill.
 senator alfonse d'amato, the new york republican who is running for re-election, went to manhattan the other morning to accept an award from mass-transit advocates.
 house officials and gay democrats concerned that the nation largest gay and lesbian political organization is about to endorse sen. alfonse d'amato for re-election, are the group to try to shift its support to the democratic challenger, rep.
 house officials and gay democrats concerned that the nation largest gay and lesbian political organization is about to endorse sen. alfonse d'amato for re-election, are the group to try to shift its support to the democratic challenger, rep.
 yugoslavia must cooperate with the war crimes tribunal investigating alleged atrocities in croatia and bosnia, international experts in belgrade said sunday.
 the president of the yugoslav war crimes harshly belgrade authorities anew for refusing to let investigators probe alleged atrocities in kosovo.
 the yugoslav war crimes tribunal monday acquitted a muslim military commander of war crimes against bosnian serb prisoners in the u.n. with.
 the yugoslav war crimes tribunal monday acquitted a muslim commander of war crimes against bosnian serb prisoners in the u.n. with.
 in its first case to deal with atrocities against serbs during bosnia war, a u.n. war crimes tribunal on monday convicted three prison officials and a commander who oversaw the facility.
 hundreds of people gathered at sarajevo airport saturday to welcome zejnil delalic, who was cleared of war crimes charges earlier this week after the international war crimes tribunal in hague.
 he called himself the ``serb adolf '' and crimes were as chilling as his nickname. in a trial opening at the yugoslav war crimes tribunal, prosecutors were seeking to convince a three-judge panel that goran jelisic is guilty of genocide, the court.
 to his targets, bosnian serb goran jelisic was ``the face of genocide who bragged that he had to kill # # or # # coffee.
 of the half year of the kosovo conflict, to the point of fighting room to floor occurred near this village six weeks ago, before # # #, and the mutilated left the floor.
 american allied forces in bosnia on wednesday arrested a serb general who was charged with genocide by the international war crimes tribunal in a recent secret indictment.
 a week before u.s. president clinton is to arrive for a visit to israeli-palestinian peace accord, the two sides exchanged accusations over and street clashes.
 prime minister benjamin netanyahu accused yasser arafat of ``making a farce of the wye river accords and said he would not agree to further withdrawals until a halt to anti-israel violence.
 the radical group hamas on monday denounced president clinton to the gaza strip but avoided making any threats against him.
 personnel carriers were deployed tuesday around the center where president clinton will address palestinian next week.
 promise to israel and the united states, palestinian leader yasser arafat thursday senior lawmakers to revoke clauses of the charter israel.
 israel affirmed friday that it will not withdraw troops in the west bank unless the top palestinian decision-making body holds a vote to annul clauses of the plo charter israel.
 on a street littered with the debris of battle stones, tear gas canisters, charred remnants of half-burned tires a sodden palestinian flag in a fitful rain-laden outside a house in mourning.
 in an atmosphere of political tension, u.s. president clinton met sunday with israeli prime minister netanyahu in a bid to put the troubled wye river peace accord back on track.
 benjamin netanyahu to move the peace process forward, which frustrated president clinton and angered palestinians, may not be enough to save his government from collapse next week.
 president clinton will travel to gaza to address palestinian leaders, the white house said friday. he is to speak at what the palestinians are describing as a historic meeting to revoke anti-israel clauses in the palestinian charter.
 italy communists sunday voted to withdraw support for premier romano prodi, a move expected to trigger the collapse of one of the country.
 premier romano prodi said monday he would appeal directly to parliament to save italy its defection of its ally.
 premier romano prodi battled tuesday for any votes freed up from a split in a far-left party, he if.
 by one vote, premier romano prodi coalition lost a confidence vote in the chamber of deputies friday, and he went to the presidential palace to resign.
 by one vote, premier romano prodi coalition lost a confidence vote in the chamber of deputies friday, and he went to the presidential palace to resign.
 by one vote, a defector from ranks, premier romano prodi, italy ii lost a confidence vote friday in the chamber of deputies.
 three days after the collapse of premier romano prodi center-left government, italy president monday to try to reach a new government.
 it is autumn in italy, the birds are south, and so it seems could the italian government, as the bonds of compromise bind a leftist party to the government came undone sunday.
 italian politics have long been enlivened by feuds and shifting alliances. and that time-honored tradition may have won the embattled government of prime minister romano prodi a momentary reprieve.
 by only one vote, the center-left prime minister of italy, romano prodi, lost a confidence vote in parliament friday and was toppled from power.
 a truck blew up when it drove over a land mine in chechnya on friday, killing two people and injuring two others, a news agency said.
 chechen authorities found the decapitated heads of four kidnapped foreigners tuesday along a highway near a village after a two-month breakaway region in russia.
 the european union wednesday condemned the slaying of four foreign hostages in chechnya and said it would raise the issue with russia foreign minister.
 chechen police were searching wednesday for the bodies of four kidnapped foreigners who were beheaded during a botched attempt to free them.
 chechen police were searching wednesday for the bodies of four kidnapped foreigners who were beheaded during a botched attempt to free them.
 one of four beheaded by kidnappers in chechnya claimed in a videotape that he and his fellow hostages were british spies.
 assailants have abducted chechnya prosecutor, who was investigating the killings of four kidnapped foreigners, officials said friday.
 a french united nations official kidnapped in southern russia more than months ago has been freed and flown to moscow saturday, news reports reported.
 a french united nations official kidnapped in southern russia more than months ago has been freed and flown to moscow saturday, news reports reported.
 a french united nations official who was kidnapped in southern russia more than months ago was set free saturday and flown to u.n. in geneva.
 a liberal lawmaker who planned to run for president russia was killed friday in st. petersburg, a news report said.
 a liberal lawmaker who planned to run for president russia was killed friday in st. petersburg, a news report said.
 a liberal lawmaker who planned to run for president russia was shot to death friday in st. petersburg, police said.
 a liberal lawmaker who planned to run for president russia was shot to death friday in st. petersburg, police said.
 hundreds of people gathered saturday to mourn the shooting death of one of russia prominent presidential candidate was politically motivated.
 in russia, the crime was so common as to be mundane. two thugs, armed with pistols and silencers, stalked and killed a powerful figure, then slipped away into the night.
 a aide to murdered lawmaker regained consciousness monday and was talking to police, who later arrested several suspects in raids around the city, officials said.
 a slain russian lawmaker was honored tuesday as a martyr to democratic ideals in a funeral service in which anger mingled freely with tears
 mourners gathered outside the house on griboyedova legislator galina staravoitova was shot to death on friday.
 the new york times said in an editorial on monday, nov. # #: the russian reform movement has produced few leaders with an uncompromising dedication to democracy.
 and bombers who carried out atrocities defending or fighting apartheid need counseling to ensure they do not repeat their crimes, an expert for south africa reconciliation body said thursday.
 a panel probing apartheid-era abuses has accused the african national of human rights violations including torture and bomb attacks, the state broadcaster said monday.
 the institution exploring apartheid its report finds the african national congress human rights it struggled to overcome rule.
 a panel investigating atrocities said wednesday it will implicate the apartheid-era president, f.w. de klerk, in human rights abuses after he threatened a court challenge.
 president nelson mandela acknowledged saturday african national congress violated human rights during apartheid, at deputy president a report that has divided much of south africa.
 crimes atrocities against white rule could drag on for at least six years, a top prosecutor said monday.
 a court, the truth and reconciliation commission said it would withhold at least temporarily, the parts of its report that africa president f.
 following are the final report issued by south africa commission on thursday: the the evidence available to it, the commission is that: the portion of gross violations of human rights was committed by the state through its law-enforcement agencies.
 the new york times said in an editorial on sunday, nov. the report of the african truth and reconciliation commission released on thursday, is the most comprehensive and unsparing examination of nation past has yet produced.
 the deal that south africa reconciliation commission offered was simple enough to amnesty and.
 , the thought crumpled form lashed to a fence was a scarecrow. when he stopped, he found the burned, battered and nearly lifeless body of matthew shepard, an openly gay college student who had been tied to the fence earlier.
 , the thought crumpled form lashed to a fence was a scarecrow. when he stopped, he found the burned, battered and nearly lifeless body of matthew shepard, an openly gay college student who had been tied to the fence earlier.
 a gay lay hospitalized in critical condition beating, this small city, which bills itself as ``wyoming '', wrestled with its attitudes towards gay men.
 matthew shepard, the gay college student who was kidnapped and severely beaten, died monday, after he was found unconscious on wyoming where he had been left tied to a fence in near-freezing temperatures.
 matthew shepard, the gay college student who was kidnapped and severely beaten, died monday, after he was found unconscious on wyoming where he had been left tied to a fence in near-freezing temperatures.
 on the same day americans learned last week that matthew shepard, a, had been strung up to die on a fence outside laramie, wyo., the research council was co-hosting a press conference in washington.
 friday while matthew shepard lay a beating, a college homecoming parade passed a few blocks from his hospital in.
 wayne shepard, the gay student who was beaten in the dead of night, tied to a fence and died alone, was at his funeral friday by, many who had never met him.
 wayne shepard, the gay student who was beaten in the dead of night, tied to a fence and died alone, was at his funeral friday by, many who had never met him.
 wayne shepard, the gay student who was beaten in the dead of night, tied to a fence and died alone, was at his funeral friday by, many who had never met him.
 prime minister yilmaz on wednesday faced intense pressure to step down after allegations that he interfered in a privatization and a mobster secure loans.
 opposition parties lodged no-confidence motions wednesday yilmaz after allegations he interfered in the privatization of a bank and a mobster.
 parliament convened thursday to vote on whether to move toward a no-confidence motion that could bring down the government over an organized crime scandal.
 bulent ecevit, who was asked to form a new government wednesday, is a former prime minister best remembered for ordering an invasion of cyprus in made him an at home.
 bulent ecevit said thursday he would persist in the difficult task of convincing a key party leader to join forces in a coalition.
 the chances for a new strictly secular government in turkey faded wednesday when a potential coalition partner insisted on giving the islamic party a share of power.
 after failing to coalition, premier-designate bulent ecevit announced saturday that he was returning his mandate to turkish president.
 demirel likely to widely trusted lawmaker to form turkey after a veteran politician abandoned efforts monday to persuade bickering political leaders to support him in a pro-secular coalition.
 turkey latest premier-designate got the backing of two key secular parties monday in his efforts to form a broad-based, coalition government on condition that his government stick to turkey principles.
 a week after the government fell in a corruption scandal, president demirel on wednesday asked a veteran politician known for his personal honesty, ecevit, to form a new government.
 while veterans and civic leaders devote wednesday national holiday to honoring fallen soldiers, remembrance day has become a chilling vigil for canadians in the front lines of the abortion-rights movement.
 slepian in his home last week eliminated the abortion clinic has not eliminated women.
 james kopp, the man the fbi is seeking as a witness in the slaying of dr. slepian is known to abortion rights activists as an anti-abortion protester, and law enforcement officials say he has been arrested several times in demonstrations at clinics.
 authorities investigating the murder of a buffalo-area obstetrician who performed abortions have identified a man as a witness to the sniper attack last month and issued a warrant for his arrest wednesday to bring him in for questioning.
 in july when terry drove through the night from his home in binghamton, n.y., to atlanta to start the anti-abortion protests that would finally put his hard-line group,, charles kopp was in the van riding alongside him, leaders of operation rescue who
 lotempio was outside abortion clinics before operation rescue town in the rowdy spring of life rallies in which hundreds were arrested.
 on the eve of a holiday that has been linked to antiabortion violence, the authorities on tuesday were investigating whether a picture of an aborted fetus sent to canadian newspaper was last month of a buffalo n.y. attacks in western new york canada canada since.
 by outward appearances, dorothy hayes' life seems ordinary. she and her family live in a rambling old home on the shore of lake ontario, and every morning, she gives her husband john, a peck on the cheek before he goes to work.
 in the aftermath of last month on an obstetrician in upstate york, attorney general janet reno announced that she was setting up a new investigative unit to examine the possibility that the doctor was the victim of a broader anti-abortion plot.
 slepian knew the slight graying endured a measure of stress that would exhaust, even break, most people.
 a fire turned a hall hall halloween killing at least people and injuring about.
 a fire turned a hall hall hall into a deathtrap, killing at least people and injuring about in sweden city.
 a fire turned a hall hall halloween killing at least people and injuring about.
 a fire turned a hall hall hall into a deathtrap, killing people and injuring others in sweden city.
 a fire turned a hall hall hall into a deathtrap, killing people and injuring others in sweden city.
 a fire turned a hall hall hall into a deathtrap, killing people and injuring others in sweden city.
 a fire turned a hall hall halloween killing and injuring # #. the fire broke out just minutes before thursday the and left rescuers facing a scene that local leader likened to a ``gas chamber.
 hundreds of teen-agers into an upstairs hall dance the night away, but by the time the sun rose friday they were dead, clinging to life in hospitals or weeping in disbelief at a fire that killed # #.
 a panicky telephone call in poor swedish was the first word that authorities got of a fire dance hall crowded with immigrant teen-agers, delaying fire squads' response to the blaze that killed and injured, officials said saturday.
 forensic experts were able saturday to identify more of the people who died in a dance hall fire, but the catastrophe was unanswered.
 a strong sign that this city is going bonkers for the padres came friday morning when fans agreed to shave their heads for a radio promotion raffle in a chance at for post-season play.
 the moment of truth for chuck came in the first inning when his name was announced at yankee stadium for the first time since he chase down ball last wednesday.
 hours after darryl strawberry was released from columbia presbyterian medical center friday, he spoke about being able to play with his children, joked about eating a small amount of chicken and sounded relieved to be at home in lee, n.j., instead of in a hospital.
 the new york times said in an editorial on saturday, oct. it is fitting that this most memorable of baseball seasons should conclude with a world series that saturday night stadium, the but the the sport.
 yankees pitching the pitching enabled the yankees to advance past cleveland in the american league championship series. david is # # in his career in the postseason and he should have an additional edge against a padres' that is generally less effective against left-handed pitching.
 the last time they were seen on the field yankee inadvertently the game sent the indians home and the yankees to the series.
 as bernie williams starts what could be his final series with the yankees in game of the world series at yankee stadium saturday, he wants to do it with a free mind.
 talk about high expectations. it's not just the man from tampa who has them.
 a new shipment of bats arrived for tino martinez on friday, and he massaged the to make sure they were thin enough, barrels and a certain and again and again.
 knick and tino martinez were as popular as a week ago rampant one or the other exiled if the yankees' year crumbled in the post-season.
 senate negotiators thursday to require most federal health plans to cover prescription contraceptives an unusual victory on to advocates of abortion rights.
 voting on party lines on a question that has become a touchstone in the debate over preservation of wilderness, the senate approved a road through remote wildlife habitat in alaska.
 top-level budget negotiators for congressional republicans and the white house concluded another bargaining session sunday afternoon with plans to resume talks on monday morning monday deadline for another day or two.
 a sticking point for white house congressional budget negotiators has been the issue of how the census will be conducted, and the white house is finding itself negotiating on the issue as much with house democrats as it is with the house republican leaders.
 to their fourth deadline over the budget, congressional republicans and white house officials wrestled tuesday with their differences over education, staging events to demonstrate public and politically high-stakes element of the budget battle.
 to their fourth deadline over the budget, congressional republicans and white house officials tuesday with their differences over education, the most politically high-stakes element of the budget battle.
 to their fourth deadline over the budget, congressional republicans and white house officials tuesday with their differences over education, the most politically high-stakes element of the budget battle.
 some sounded notes of discord friday over the federal spending agreement, but they said they would probably vote for the # # billion package because it boosted defense spending and provided aid to farmers.
 for the first time congress and the white house negotiated tax and spending legislation this year with the budget in.
 some sounded notes of discord friday over the federal spending agreement, but they said they would probably vote for the # # billion package because it boosted defense spending and provided aid to farmers.
 president boris yeltsin suffered minor burns on his right hand, his press office said thursday. asked about small bandages that were visible on yeltsin during an awards ceremony, the press office said the president had small burns.
 president boris yeltsin doctors have pronounced his health ``less than normal '' his wife naina said in an interview published wednesday.
 president boris yeltsin on his first trip out of russia since this spring canceled a ceremony in uzbekistan because he isn't feeling well, his spokesman said.
 doctors ordered russian president boris yeltsin to cut short his central trip because of a respiratory infection and he agreed to return home monday, a day earlier than planned, officials said.
 russian president boris yeltsin cut short a trip to central asia on monday due to a respiratory infection revived questions about his overall health and ability to lead russia through a sustained economic crisis.
 president boris yeltsin stayed home tuesday, nursing a respiratory infection that forced him to cut short a foreign trip and revived concerns about his ability to govern.
 by a animated, president boris defied doctors' orders and quashed by showing up unexpectedly at the kremlin on wednesday.
 russia constitutional court opened hearings thursday on whether boris yeltsin can seek a third term. the issue was earlier this year when yeltsin refused to spell out his intentions and his aides insisted he had the right to seek re-election.
 russia constitutional court opened hearings thursday on whether boris yeltsin can seek a third term. the issue was earlier this year when yeltsin refused to spell out his intentions and his aides insisted he had the right to seek re-election.
 russian president boris yeltsin, who is recuperating from his latest illness, has canceled a trip to an asian summit, his office said friday.
 in the summer of a whiff of revolution was in the air in valley. the internet offered a new opportunity for to try to break microsoft corp. the personal computer business.
 a federal judge friday pushed back the starting date of the antitrust trial against microsoft by four days, to oct. # #, the company to comply with the justice department to microsoft its financial records.
 microsoft corp. has said that material in an unpublished book by professors will be a crucial part of its defense in the antitrust trial scheduled to begin next week.
 the case of united states vs. microsoft corp., the government most aggressive against a monopolist in almost is playing out against a century of antitrust so broadly worded and court rulings are citing the rulings to support their opposing arguments.
 the case of united states vs. microsoft corp., the government most aggressive against a monopolist in almost is playing out against a century of antitrust so broadly worded and court rulings are citing the rulings to support their opposing arguments.
 the legal tool that the government is using in its assault on microsoft corp. the antitrust act of is brief, vague and malleable.
 the government antitrust scrutiny of microsoft, the world largest independent software company, has spanned and involved hundreds of government lawyers and investigators.
 before the government filed its antitrust suit against microsoft corp. in may, klein, the attorney general in charge of the antitrust division, met with a valley executive.
 the first two sections of the sherman act passed by congress in the act has been amended several times _ the crime to a felony, and for corporations convicted of violating it.
 bill gates isn't a nice guy? last week, most americans thought of gates, chairman of the microsoft corp., as a genius and innovator.
 police and soldiers on friday blocked the street in front of a house where members of a terrorist gang are believed to have assembled the bomb that blew up the u.s. embassy, killing.
 german police raided several locations near bonn after a terrorist threat against the embassy, but no evidence of a planned attack was found, officials said wednesday.
 an islamic militant group on thursday threatened to retaliate if saudi dissident bin laden arrested, and described washington.
 taliban chief justice accused the united states on wednesday of looking for an ``excuse '' to launch missile attack on his war-shattered homeland.
 fbi agents this week began questioning relatives of the victims of the aug. # # u.s. the seriously injured on request of the u.s. office for the southern district of new york, a u.s. official said thursday.
 the man accused of orchestrating the embassy bombings in tanzania and kenya was declared a free man friday in afghanistan, where he has lived for years with the permission of the hard-line islamic militia.
 the new york times said in an editorial on monday, oct. # #: since the deadly bombing of two american embassies in august, there has been a troubling accumulation of warnings of possible terrorist attacks against the installations.
 federal prison officials have cut off virtually all communications for two men being held in manhattan in the bombings of the u.s. in kenya and tanzania.
 a federal grand jury in manhattan a # # indictment charging the saudi bin laden with conspiring to bomb two u.s. in africa in and with committing acts of terrorism against americans abroad.
 a federal district judge agreed tuesday to review complaints by lawyers for three men arrested after the bombings of two u.s. in africa that their jail conditions in manhattan are unconstitutional and inhumane.
 the commander of lebanon army will become the country president after winning the crucial backing of syria, powerbroker in lebanon.
 a cabinet minister and syria ally on wednesday syrian-backed choice of the commander as president, and said he will boycott a vote to elect the military man for the executive post.
 parliament on tuesday ratified a constitutional amendment to clear the way for the election of the army, lahoud as president.
 parliament on thursday formally elected gen. lahoud, the army commander who has the backing of syria, as lebanon president.
 parliament on thursday formally elected gen. lahoud, the army commander who has the backing of syria, as lebanon president.
 prime minister rafik hariri to win a fourth term in office have hit a snag after he failed to receive the appointment emile lahoud.
 prime minister rafik hariri has declined an informal invitation from lebanon new president to form the next government, sparking a crisis in this country as it rebuilds from its civil war.
 prime minister rafik hariri has declined an informal invitation from lebanon new president to form the next government, sparking a crisis in this country as it rebuilds from its civil war.
 prime minister rafik hariri, the business tycoon who launched lebanon reconstruction from the devastation of civil war, said monday he was bowing out as premier following a dispute with the new president.
 prime minister rafik hariri, the business tycoon who launched lebanon reconstruction from the devastation of civil war, said monday he was bowing out as premier following a dispute with the new president.
 china was expected to sign a key u.n. human rights treaty and prime minister tony blair, a prominent human rights campaigner in monday.
 china released a respected labor rights campaigner from a prison work camp sunday and immediately sent him into exile in the united states.
 to deflect foreign criticism of a crackdown on democracy activists, china sent a respected labor rights activist from jail into u.s. exile sunday as it prepared to put a prominent trial.
 stern capping crackdown on dissidents, chinese courts sentenced prominent democracy campaigners to and # # years in prison monday to an opposition political party.
 foreign minister fischer, who drew china by meeting with dissident wei, said china of two dissidents monday was flouted an international treaty the country recently signed.
 foreign minister fischer, who drew china by meeting with dissident wei, said china of two dissidents monday was flouted an international treaty the country recently signed.
 the trials of outspoken dissidents over communist leader jiang zemin wednesday that china will sustain a crackdown on dissent throughout next year.
 friend and political mentor is jailed robbing their budding opposition political party of its most potent organizer zha is not afraid.
 by sentencing two of the country most prominent democracy campaigners to long prison terms china on monday took its harshest measures in its current crackdown on political opposition.
 after president clinton traveled to beijing and challenged china to move rapidly toward reform, the administration of beijing was called into question monday when sentenced the nation to long jail sentences.
