Cambodian leader hun sen friday opposition parties for talks the
King sihanouk to chair a summit of cambodia's top leaders, saying the meeting would bring progress in deadlocked negotiations to government.
's two-party opposition asked monday to stop the government,.
Cambodia's party responded tuesday to criticisms of its leader the u.s. defense of strongman hun sen's human rights record.
Cambodia opposition sharing the presidency of parliament with its arch foe saturday occupy the top position in the legislative body.
Cambodia's bickering broke deadlock friday a coalition leaving strongman hun sen as sole prime minister king norodom sihanouk.
Cambodian expressed hope monday that a new partnership between hun sen and ranariddh, coalition government would not end violence.
Hun sen guaranteed the political freedom of politicians to fears rivals that they will be arrested or.
Worried that party colleagues face arrest, leader clarification friday of guarantees by strongman hun sen. first. hun sen's assurances were to ease concerns his party members may be arrested.
King norodom sihanouk on tuesday praised agreements by cambodia's to form government led by hun sen.
Honduras braced for potential catastrophe tuesday mitch high waves and sent coastal residents ground.
Hurricane mitch paused its western to punish honduras with 120-mph (205-kph) winds, topping trees at.
Hurricane cut through the coast devastating winds for a third day and
People have been confirmed dead in honduras mitch storm to, emergency commission said
Honduras at least 231 deaths have been blamed on mitch, commission saturday. salvador where 140 died saturday, guatemala died.
Nicaraguan vice president enrique bolanos said sunday between 1,000 and 1,500 people in a 32-square mile area in.
European on tuesday approved million european (dlrs) in aid for thousands of victims of the devastation caused by hurricane mitch america.
Pope paul ii appealed for aid for central countries stricken mitch said close to the suffering.
Information honduras confirmed hurricane mitch insisted the need for help was growing.
Aid friday to reach survivors mitch starvation and disease of the storm killed more than 10,000 people.
Cuban president fidel castro said sunday he disagreed with the arrest in london of chilean augusto, calling it ``international meddling.'
Britain has defended its arrest of gen. augusto pinochet, saying chile's claim that the former chilean has is ridiculous.
Margaret thatcher entertained former gen. augusto pinochet at her home two weeks before he was arrested london hospital said tuesday amid growing controversy.
The spanish british appeared wednesday seeking from the political of augusto spain.
A delegation of chilean legislators against the extradition of augusto spain warned thursday that chile was on the brink of turmoil.
Europe said friday he hoped chilean augusto would be for crimes committed during.
Wife of augusto pinochet appealed for release is spain to face charges.
The british spanish prime ministers said sunday that the fate of chilean gen. augusto pinochet is in the hands of.
Swiss government has ordered no possible bank accounts belonging to augusto pinochet said wednesday.
Lawyers in london tried to quash a spanish arrest warrant for augusto pinochet, the dictator in geneva have extradited.
U.s. prosecutors have asked germany paperwork to extradite a lieutenant of saudi terrorist suspect osama bin, saturday.
's the united states on wednesday looking for another attack on his homeland
This week victims. embassy bombing office southern district york said
Police arrested two journalists and charged them with articles youths islamic in bangladesh the taliban model afghanistan police said thursday.
Accused of orchestrating the u.s. embassy bombings kenya was friday in afghanistan has lived with the permission of the taliban militia.
Albania uncovered a terrorist network operated by osama bin laden, the of the august africa, and it's have infiltrated europe, the sunday reported.
The united states has new evidence in a u.s. missile last month to a terrorist group bin laden the mastermind of embassies in africa, according to u.
Of the raid on afghanistan to kill,
, An operative for his kenya. he, he wrote in an angry dispatch, about the network accused of terrorist conspiracy against americans.
Bin stands trial in york of u.s. africa terror prosecutors will call witness one of his aides who has been talking to u.s. investigators.
In a ruling for the north association and the players' union, arbitrator john feerick decides monday whether more guaranteed contracts should be paid during the lockout.
In a ruling for the north association and the players' union, arbitrator john feerick decides monday whether more guaranteed contracts should be paid during the lockout.
He was the classic prodigy with the creativity of a profiteer. when there was no shot to take, he invented one.
In a decision that will lead to the first work stoppage in national basketball the league announced the cancellation of preseason games
Patrick ewing did not want to sound ``i in cents.'
The first substantive talks in two months between sides of the basketball association labor dispute thursday without a hint of a settlement
Modest a new by the the, the national basketball association tuesday canceled the the, the first time in the league history will a labor dispute.
In a labor dispute with its players canceled weeks of the season
220 national basketball players contracts monday they are to be paid during the management lockout, a long-awaited arbitrator's decision may leverage in the league's dispute with the players on american sports-labor law.
As current the national players is even by sports standards
Village western uganda civilians a military spokesman said thursday.
Congolese rebels have taken their campaign to oust kabila to the internet. ``we have who we are and what we're fighting for, '' rebel ernest said.
Congolese rebels have taken their campaign to oust kabila to the internet. ``we have who we are and what we're fighting for, '' rebel ernest said.
A, rebels said they had entered kindu, the strategic town and airbase in eastern congo used by the.
Rebel commanders tuesday an government-held air base in eastern _ could determine the future of the congolese war.
Bandages of injured rebels trucked back to wednesday offered evidence that the battle for the strategic air base at kindu was not going well for those fighting to oust congolese president laurent.
Rebels in eastern congo said they shot down a passenger jet ferrying into.
A day after shooting down a jetliner, congolese rebels rwandan pushed sunday through government defense lines of victor a strategic air base.
A day after a jetliner carrying rebels clashed with government troops near in congo.
Golden years had and the farmers organization breadbasket
Indonesian president habibie summit of asia-pacific leaders concerns malaysia's former prime minister, a sunday.
Malaysia replacement prime minister ibrahim, who faces trial next month that the country.
Tuesday philippine and indonesian presidents were considering staying away from asia-pacific summit in malaysia protest of anwar.
The philippine malaysia said friday he was summoned to the malaysian his president dissident ibrahim.
The last time the region held its annual summit japan prime the next victim of asia's crisis.
Again pressure taiwan will send chief economic president lee at november's asian forum summit, the foreign ministry said friday.
Officials from 14 countries in the asia-pacific region advised's on sunday to adopt reforms in their effort to restore stability.
The be global menu will malaysian leaders meet the.
A group of u.s. investors in southeast asia on monday applauded to thailand's economy, saying they had been assured by thai officials that key economic reform packages will soon be approved.
In little more than a week the world's leaders this businesslike annual meeting of.
Israel cabinet announced vote indefinitely on the wye river accord until palestinians on terrorism.
A explosives blew up friday in's yehuda market the, killing two people and wounding 21.
Soot-blackened water ran in charred wreckage. a policeman cover a bloodied corpse at of a plastic shopping bag.
Israel decided friday to suspend land-for-security agreement with palestinians.
The group claimed responsibility saturday for the suicide bombing jerusalem and promised
A prime minister benjamin netanyahu said saturday that israel would build neighborhoods throughout jerusalem at in sector of the city.
A prime minister benjamin netanyahu said saturday that israel would build neighborhoods throughout jerusalem at in sector of the city.
Setting over crack down on, israel is demanding that the military wings of two islamic groups be outlawed, while palestinian has.
Militant palestinian islamic said saturday a jerusalem market friday prompted arrests by the palestinian authority overnight.
A morning, he left for his family youssef sughayer said goodbye to his to death
Bruises on the face of jailed anwar, front pages for two days the of malaysian police
Prime minister mahathir said successor. the man need not necessarily be only doing virtuous deeds national news agency quoted mahathir as saying after al-falah town of jitra in kedah state.
The european on friday expressed its ``deep concern physical abuse of malaysia's anwar ibrahim, who was arrested last month.
Of state-controlled television, malaysia's jailed internet to.
Indonesian president habibie summit of asia-pacific leaders concerns malaysia's former prime minister, a sunday.
A key witness in the government's sexual misconduct case against malaysia former deputy prime monday
Malaysia replacement prime minister ibrahim, who faces trial next month that the country.
Lawyers for the prime minister's former deputy prominent opponent went to court thursday to demand their client's release from detention.
Malaysian prime minister anwar ibrahim won massive social unrest away malaysia's trade minister said thursday.
Was a bold vision that into world affairs
Special envoy richard holbrooke said monday the military kosovo was bad two weeks ago.
United states russia are ratcheting up pressure on president slobodan, nato airstrikes are inevitable unless he takes the humanitarian crisis in the southern serbian.
United states russia are ratcheting up pressure on president slobodan, nato airstrikes are inevitable unless he takes the humanitarian crisis in the southern serbian.
United states up pressure on yugoslav president slobodan, airstrikes are inevitable to in kosovo.
With the threat attack yugoslavia minister warned monday ``immiment '' and to international peace in kosovo
Nato attack yugoslavia warned monday the nation claimed to comply with international peace.
With attacks to be days away envoy richard holbrooke delivered an warning president to halt kosovo airstrikes
Nato attacks said to be only days away, top richard holbrooke delivered a last-minute warning to yugoslavia's president ethnic or.
Under nato threat to end his punishing offensive against kosovo, milosevic ordered most may well an attack by the alliance,.
American envoy holbrooke met with slobodan milosevic according to diplomats told him that he had to take steps to back his kosovo province a nato.
Famine-threatened north korea's harvest better this year than last and could be worse, aid official said saturday.
South korea visit his north again gift of 501 cattle, officials said thursday.
A north korean seoul wednesday sought asylum after escaping his homeland, government officials said.
North korea is entering its fourth food shortages its senior cross officials said tuesday.
Years of food shortages have stunted the north korean, with u.n. experts said
Despite catastrophic hunger at home, north korea plans to send 317 athletes and south officials said
Hunger and malnutrition in cambodia are levels comparable to famine in north korea, a u.n. world program representative said tuesday.
Police in northeastern china's jilin said monday rounded up north koreans and sent them back to a in their reclusive country.
A congressman who visited north korea last week that the food and health situation was deteriorating and that north koreans might have starved to death in years.
More than five years of severe food and system devastating malnutrition in north korea mentally a study by international aid.
Organizers asian games reports that a sports complex would not be completed on time, saying preparations are well in hand, said friday.
Thailand nearly complete facilities for the asian games committees from nations the.
Police detained more than, most, in a campaign to make bangkok safer for spectators upcoming,.
China call four players from boost at the asian thailand newspaper monday.
Saudi arabia withdrawal the asian games organizers thursday to thai diplomats mulling a strained of diplomats.
Horses belonging to iran to compete in asian failed to meet the requirements of the games veterinary commission, thai organizers announced thursday.
Saudi arabia is considering sending a small team to the asian games it unexpectedly this week, saudi official said.
A game between india and pakistan led to a tempers sunday that shocked the.
Some ``out of at the games on soccer field floor. that the host offers the viagra and night life.
Building from symbolizing, thailand's king the sunday
China sign a human rights host british minister, police hauled a rights campaigner in for questioning monday.
Police detained of a told him the group's, a human rights group said thursday.
China arrest a democracy campaigner use contacts chinese to charge security wednesday.
China said thursday that prominent dissidents arrested this week are endangering national security chinese
With attorneys locked up, two prominent dissidents against charges thursday in china's dissident in.
In response to criticism from home and abroad, chinese officials broke wednesday arrest a dissident who.
One leader of a new party will be tried. a charge of colluding with foreign enemies of china subversion according to court documents.
A chinese dissident a arrests of democracy shanghai arrived the chinese government thursday at the united nations.
The defense lawyer the father of a prominent dissident is thursday in the central city of wuhan.
The separate trials of two prominent democracy advocates of the state thursday the defendants to lawyers.
A week after the white house and democrats disavowed his ``war '' on gingrich, james carville's former campaign strategist and chief outside defender put forth a battle be muzzled.
2000 not. the on field delivered a crushing and unexpected elixir to the democrats.
Gingrich is to do well. the planning.
Democratic resurgence elections, republicans wednesday over their failure to opposition party gains in
Democratic resurgence elections, republicans wednesday over their failure to opposition party gains in
Democratic resurgence elections, republicans wednesday over their failure to opposition party gains in
House to replace gingrich as speaker and gingrich
A struggle for control of the house is under way with rep. a campaign lead to running against gingrich as speaker.
Just four years ago newt the in u.s. politics at the turn of the millennium.
House speaker newt gingrich the republican revolution of and overseeing the impeachment clinton was driven from office friday turned on him after losses in tuesday's elections
The outcome of the microsoft antitrust case may be, is clear: e-mail.
America online is on the verge of agreeing to purchase netscape corp, internet pioneer the., executives involved in.
America online is on the verge of agreeing to purchase netscape corp, internet pioneer the., executives involved in.
Online inc. wants to become the ``next '' in promising corp. company internet media business and
Stock prices vaulted monday, furthering a recovery that as recently as two months ago ``i thought we were in the most serious correction since but i thought the market was over, '' said byron wien strategist stanley dean witter. that is behind us.'
Microsoft corp. argued in court monday that the proposed acquisition of corp. by america seriously undermined the government's suit against the software giant.
Envisioning a networked world in which the web is limitless entertainment, tuesday laid out the details of its agreement to buy the communications corporation for $4.
The said editorial, nov.:'s effort to netscape a partnership with microsystems is a reminder can change
Built itself into the force in appealing to families who flirt to electronic mail and.
Built itself into the force in appealing to families who flirt to electronic mail and.
Extended a global stock selloff thursday with the dow industrials tumbling more than 200 points for a second straight day.
President boris yeltsin strongly effort to prohibit the iron curtain down country, his spokesman said friday.
President kuchma called friday '' to ukraine's market reforms, but pledged that reforms would continue.
Ukraine's parliament on friday leonid decree
Prime minister yevgeny primakov said saturday that the government's program of.
Russia's prime minister unusual reassure thursday. two he announced had no plan.
When the world's finance ministers and central bankers last year in kong, congratulated for at the moment _ a nasty financial brush fire in asia
Of, rubles governments, maybe it is not the ultimate insult.
United states is disappointed by confusion within russian prime minister primakov, said secretary of state madeleine albright on friday she warned russia about the dangers of an anti-western policy.
The communist party has and it has been planning for russians will take to the streets on for some of years
Turkey has sent 10,000 troops to its southeastern border amid growing tensions between the two neighbors, newspapers.
Signaling want any potential military confrontation between syria and turkey, israel is limiting routine exercises with.
Egyptian president hosni mubarak met here sunday to try to defuse growing tension and.
Egyptian president hosni mubarak met here sunday to try to defuse growing tension and.
As turkey kept up against damascus, on sunday began shuttle democracy between the two neighbors turkish kurdish in syria.
Iran has offered to mediate between syria and turkey dispute over kurdish rebel plans countries times reported monday.
Iran has offered to mediate between syria and turkey in the dispute kurdish rebel will dispatch the two countries tehran reported monday.
Monday denied harboring kurdish rebels israel for the tension between syria and turkey. president elias hrawi traveled to damascus monday for a summit with president hafez lebanon's support for syria.
Greece on monday warned tension between and syria ``tragic
Monday denied it is kurdish rebels and blamed israel for the tension between turkey. president hrawi monday for a summit meeting with president hafez assad's support.
United states maxi sayonara looks set to continue the domination line australia's famous to hobart yacht race.
Leading maxi sayonara were in a duel down the new south wales state coast saturday the sydney fleet faced.
A search was under way in strait off australia's southeast coast night an injured crewman swept sydney-to-hobart.
Two members dead remain missing and rescue resources were stretched to the limit monday gale-force winds continued to batter sydney-to-hobart.
Two members dead remain missing and rescue resources were stretched to the limit monday gale-force winds continued to batter sydney-to-hobart.
Gale-force winds and high seas battered yachts sydney-to-hobart at least two crew members and leaving
Winds and high seas battered australia sydney-to-hobart, killing two crew members and.
Winds and high seas battered australia sydney-to-hobart, killing two crew members and.
Two died others were missing after gale-force winds battered sydney-to-hobart yacht race monday.
Sailor glyn charles missing becoming the third fatality in sydney-to-hobart yacht while remained in rough seas after monday
For the second day in a row, astronauts boarded space shuttle friday nasa space station.
Its astronauts the first piece of the international space station, zarya had to be to chamber.
Astronauts connected the first two building blocks of the international space,.
Astronauts connected the first two building blocks of the international space,.
Astronauts connected the first two building blocks of the international space,.
Astronauts connected the first two building blocks of the international space,.
Washington _ nasa and russian space agency have set aside a last-minute request to launch an international space station closer to mir, officials announced.
Forced halt thursday launching of endeavour a mission assembling the international space station.
The planet construction began friday as the shuttle endeavour into orbit six astronauts u.s.-built an international space station that cost $100 billion.
Following a series of intricate maneuvers of the space shuttle endeavour's robot arm, astronauts on sunday the two that the international space station.
, Duisenberg said friday growth appears to be slowing in the 11 countries adopting _ _ on jan.
A move dropped interest rates, effectively that will be adopted on jan.
Monetary policy, the 11 european nations launching a common currency on jan. 1 cut interest rates thursday in a surprise move that won.
China made trading the euro official monday, announcing authorization for common trade dealings starting jan.
Days new effect european members of danes believe their country should take part, according to a poll tuesday.
Inflation in the nations that adopt the euro currency on fell, union's statistics agency reported wednesday
,, Said an't completing half earlier.
Europe's dream of monetary union becomes reality thursday nations currencies form the euro an economic giant from the shores of the mediterranean.
Equities market europe's soon-to-be-introduced currency french said thursday that paris stock exchange would join an and frankfurt as the precursor of a pan-european market.
Cellular phone, jean-marc was juggling business calls between london and.
On tuesday denied massacred 40 east timorese recently criticized portugal for suspending talks of territory.
Foreign ministry thursday blamed for incident ramos-horta was.
Earlier attacks four mosques riot, and
Sunday australian military to indonesian army officers trained here to monitoring human rights abuses in east timor.
Sunday australian military to indonesian army officers trained here to monitoring human rights abuses in east timor.
Representatives of east timorese pro-independence groups said friday indonesian troops attacked unarmed in east timorese and.
East timorese said friday that indonesian troops attacked unarmed civilians in a disputed southeast territory, timorese and others.
East timorese said friday that indonesian troops attacked unarmed civilians in a disputed southeast territory, timorese and others.
In a decision welcomed as a landmark by portugal, european leaders saturday calls for a referendum to decide the fate of east timor, the indonesia since 1975.
U.n. envoy indonesian army east timorese spilled anger at nervous soldiers
A a roll of writers week the academy announces the literature laureate
When wrote establishing a literature prize, unclear
Novelist saramago, whose capricious vision includes of europe breaking off and floating to sea, on thursday was named the winner nobel literature prize.
Jose saramago became the first portuguese to prize literature on thursday. was seconded by a burst of public elation.
A day after winning literature, portuguese saramago insisted that while the award to many portuguese writers.
Former president jimmy, a perennial peace prize, could have won had it not been for for nominations
Furchgott, ignarro and murad of united states medicine prize. they prize a signaling molecule in the cardiovascular system from karolinska.
Three american researchers on monday won the nobel medicine prize oxide a the cardiovascular breakthrough with arteries.
Jose saramago, a 75-year-old portuguese writer who literature life europe vocal in the united states, was awarded this year's nobel literature thursday by the academy in stockholm.
Pharmacologists awarded the prize on for how natural nitric oxide can mediate a variety of bodily actions
Ariel sharon former tipped to be israel's minister said sunday the palestinian leader yasser.
Brief ariel sharon named israel's minister _: born kfar mallal in british-ruled palestine. 1948: fights as junior officer three times.
Ariel sharon foreign minister serves the east peace process said saturday.
Ariel sharon foreign minister serves the east peace process said saturday.
Ariel sharon's appointment as the israeli foreign minister as ``the of mercy '' for the peace process, syrian newspaper saturday
Ariel sharon's appointment as the israeli foreign minister as ``the of mercy '' for the peace process, syrian newspaper saturday
A senior palestinian of summit week washington ``yes' israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to initiative.
Sharon degree, fancies himself a farmer. more than his role in israeli public life has been that of unapologetic warrior, bare-knuckled of politics.
Prime minister benjamin netanyahu appointed ariel sharon, a hawkish former defense minister, to israeli on an effort to moves closer to turning over more west bank land to palestinians.
York editorial.: just days before the for negotiations with palestinian leaders, prime minister netanyahu jolted the peace effort of ariel sharon israeli.
Salt international scandal. has ordered a top-level investigation into the scholarships ioc members by salt lake games.
To tackle an escalating corruption scandal, ioc leaders questioned salt lake officials in the investigation into alleged vote-buying by an olympic city.
Following: _ ``the finalist cities as well as third parties acting for them or on their behalf or in their favor are forbidden to ioc members as well as their relations, relatives by marriage, guests or companions _ any, benefits total in exceed person.'
A top ioc official made explosive allegations of widespread olympic corruption, saying demand up to dlrs million to deliver votes of host cities.
A top ioc official made explosive allegations of widespread olympic corruption, saying demand to dlrs to deliver votes in the host cities.
The mayor of japanese city of nagano, the olympics, denied allegations that bribed members of olympic committee to win the right to host the games.
Ioc executive board member hodler said sunday he might be thrown out of committee for allegations of corruption olympic movement.
Olympic official leveled stunning allegations within ioc said sunday he had been by juan antonio samaranch of the organization.
Ioc president juan antonio samaranch on sunday promised members if found guilty of accepting bribes.
``if clean clean, '' juan antonio samaranch responded on sunday to corruption in the olympic ioc members candidate.
Amid a flurry of last minute preparations, palestinian authority prepared thursday a milestone to airport.
Amid a flurry of last minute preparations, palestinian authority prepared thursday a milestone to airport.
Still without, the check-in counter has no computers and the runway can after for of flood.
A major step toward statehood the on gaza international airport first to the world with cheers and patriotism.
A major step toward statehood the on gaza international airport first to the world with cheers and patriotism.
The first palestinian commercial flight landed at amman's airport on saturday an air jordan gaza.
Israel threatened palestinian-run gaza airport over security official said tuesday the.
Israel threatened palestinian-run gaza airport over security official said tuesday the.
Officials delayed two planes from palestinian airport wednesday tensions in a israeli-palestinian cooperation.
Planes airport.
Libyan leader moammar gadhafi began a surprise visit to neighboring monday, his first known trip hip in july
Louis farrakhan, u.s. met libyan leader moammar gadhafi congratulated him on his recovery from a hip injury, state-run libyan radio reported.
General kofi annan wednesday extending his tour to include talks with authorities. the news conference before his arrival in tunis, his scheduled stop on a tour aimed at plans for the disputed western.
. Annan left libya saturday hold over
U.n secretary-general kofi annan arrived in libya for bringing libyan suspects in the 1988 over scotland.
After meeting libyan leader moammar gadhafi. annan said he thinks an arrangement for bringing two suspects to trial in the bombing of a pan airliner could be secured in the ``not too distant future.'
After meeting libyan leader moammar gadhafi. annan said he thinks an arrangement for bringing two suspects to trial in the bombing of a pan airliner could be secured in the ``not too distant future.'
Libya's justice minister on wednesday said the 1988 bombing of am should not on trial.
Qatar's foreign minister, sheik al thani, met leader moammar gadhafi in the desert, libya's official television reported.
With the prayers of healing, the people of lockerbie paid tribute to the 270 people killed when a bomb am 103 crashing down on town 10 years ago monday.
A kurdish rebel group fighting for autonomy turkey faces an detention in rome.
Turkey stepped up the pressure for captured kurdish rebel leader abdullah ocalan, sunday that amount to ``opening doors to terrorism.'
Turkey stepped up pressure on italy for the captured kurdish rebel leader abdullah ocalan, saying sunday that granting him asylum would amount to ``opening terrorism.'
Media officials strong opposition sunday to possible extradition of abdullah ocalan, the arrested kurdish guerrilla leader, to greece's rival turkey.
About kurds who spent the night outside kurdish rebel leader ocalan is their strike monday to protest his detention.
Turkish with mob leader monday the italian inmate hostage to pressure italy into extraditing rebel leader said.
Have turned back 136 people along the austro-italian border during an immigration crackdown by the abdullah, austrian said monday.
Thousands kurds in romania closed down restaurants ocalan newspaper reported tuesday.
About turkish president suleyman tuesday official visit.
Facing his first real test, prime minister d'alema must decide what to do with kurdish rebel arrested rome airport on thursday.
Exxon held discussions, a person involved in the talks said wednesday.
Exxon held discussions, a person involved in the talks said wednesday.
Whether the between exxon and to a merger or other business combination, economic history is.
News that, two giants in, were in merger talks last week is the biggest sign yet that
Times are in the oil patch. still, hardship is driving profitable big oil to either merge petroleum and to prospect and mobil.
It was new highs again for the & amp 500-stock nasdaq composite friday as anticipation of a new mergers to the.
The corp. expected to meet tuesday to consider a agreement the oil, a source close to the negotiations said friday.
Times are tough in the oil patch. that hardship is driving profitable oil to either merge, as petroleum and amoco have to do, or to prospect, as exxon are doing.
Exxon and the nation's largest oil companies merger, and, industry officials predicted that
They have been re-engineered. so when 900 workers's largest refinery, a decade ago, heard last week, warning.
House speaker-elect robert l. livingston presented a fresh note of shock to impeachment clinton on thursday night the republican leader was forced to admit to his republican colleagues that he had adulterous affairs in his past.
Bob livingston, the incoming speaker, took friday as the debate unfolded to impeach president clinton.
House democrats did to bellow ``you resign! you resign! '
Livingston, who, stunned by saying on president would not quit
The is uncertainty. the smart money shouts that president clinton will resign, and concurs.
Times said. the republicans' drive for partisan impeachment on power sense the resignation of rep. livingston from his role as future speaker of the house.
Rejecting a last-minute attempt to soften censure, representatives moved to impeach clinton for saturday and call on senate him.
In the end, the will of the people meant nothing. livingston couldn't.
It has gotten to the point where drastic action may be necessary. you know those movies about ebola virus, the guys in, seal off and completely irradiate it?
To debate impeachment the minority rep. david democrat house debate leaped out as an impossible goal.
Russian space experts preparations thursday at the baikonur rocket the first component of a international space station a year.
A russian proton booster rocket carried the first space station into orbit friday, the start of a new era in international space.
The part of the international space station was smoothly orbiting on friday after a of
Russian space officials gave the first module of the space station a routine saturday to push it into higher orbit, and its
Its astronauts the first piece of the international space station, zarya had to be to chamber.
Astronauts connected the first two building blocks of the international space,.
Astronauts connected the first two building blocks of the international space,.
Astronauts ventured out wednesday space station construction
Washington _ nasa and russian space agency have set aside a last-minute request to launch an international space station closer to mir, officials announced.
The first piece of station orbiting friday solar power panels awaited grow the largest orbital in history.
Latin american friday a their economies the global financial crisis.
19 nations portugal put finishing touches saturday on an summit declaration warning unless action is taken to stabilize the financial system.
In factories they won't be able to pay the bonus
Brazil and the international monetary fund moved closer tuesday to agreement expected dlrs's economy.
There's no such thing as a free lunch in brazil, president fernando cardoso is telling government workers. no haircuts or phone calls, either.
There's no such thing as a free lunch any longer in brazil, president fernando henrique cardoso is telling government workers. no haircuts or phone calls, either.
President fernando henrique cardoso's efforts to repair the largest economy in latin this weekend's elections.
On tuesday a measure of the effects of the global economic downturn on the nation's deficit widened by $to $
Brazilian meetings with representatives of the international monetary fund tuesday
United states is preparing to commit u.s. taxpayer lending program at least $30 billion to america turmoil, according to u.s. foreign officials assembling the program.
A south korean lawmaker said friday korea could be plutonium and more secret underground facilities feared.
U.s. bill clinton won's support saturday for confronting korea over suspected nuclear, warned the communist leaders not to squander a chance to achieve lasting peace.
U.s. bill clinton won's support saturday for confronting korea over suspected nuclear warned the communist leaders squander an historic chance to make lasting peace on the peninsula.
North korean thursday said's military on full alert for war united a dispute.
North korea has a u.s. delegation next month to american concerns about a vast underground complex to house a nuclear weapons program, said wednesday.
A congressman who visited north korea last week that the food and health situation was deteriorating and that north koreans might have starved to death in years.
North korea demanded that the united states pay for the right to inspect a center that u.s. intelligence houses a, clinton wednesday.
This city has always kept an list of leaders dictators, and annoying _ who it thinks can make an contribution, america's early.
President clinton made an unusual appeal saturday to any nuclear ambitions ties to south korea and states.
In a green aviator jacket and black cap, president clinton spent american troops stationed a, greetings a and described the threats to north korea.
In a of and supporters, clinton said friday that he must ``live with '' mistakes he contended that democrats should take and take heart from its.
In election years, david price and julia have had little in common other than democrats seats.
It three months ago dennis new left-leaning labor leaders was singing the praises of sen. alfonse
It was a voice mail message marilyn rymer kansas city, routinely, even as a democrat.
George voinovich ran for office, won re-election as ohio governor with 72 percent of the vote, setting a record in ohio.
George voinovich ran for office, won re-election as ohio governor with 72 percent of the vote, setting a record in ohio.
60 years behind the times, voted friday the nonaggression pact measure resolution was brought by john, r-ill.
Sen. d, the new re-election, went grand central terminal the other morning to mass-transit advocates
White house gay democrats that the nation's largest gay and lesbian organization is about to endorse sen. alfonse, try to shift its support to democratic challenger, rep.
White house gay democrats that the nation's largest gay and lesbian organization is about to endorse sen. alfonse, try to shift its support to democratic challenger, rep.
Yugoslavia with the u.n. tribunal investigating atrocities during meeting in belgrade said
The president of yugoslav war crimes tribunal criticized belgrade authorities anew for refusing to let u.n. investigators probe alleged atrocities.
The yugoslav war crimes tribunal acquitted a muslim commander of war crimes against bosnian serb prisoners in convicted underlings dealing.
The yugoslav war crimes tribunal acquitted a muslim commander of war crimes against bosnian serb prisoners in convicted underlings dealing.
In first deal atrocities against serbs bosnia, u.n. war crimes tribunal acquitted a commander.
Hundreds of people gathered at sarajevo on saturday to welcome delalic, who was cleared of war charges earlier this week after spending 980 days in the war hague.
The ``serb adolf '' and his crimes were as chilling as his nickname. in a trial opening monday at the yugoslav war tribunal seeking to convince a three-judge panel that goran jelisic is guilty, the court's most serious offense.
Targets bosnian jelisic was ``the face of genocide who bragged ``he 20 coffee.'
Combat kosovo conflict fighting to floor to floor six, elderly delijaj clan massacred by serbian forces, their.
American forces in bosnia wednesday bosnian general charged with the international crimes in a recent indictment.
A week before u.s. president bill clinton is to arrive for a visit to bolster new israeli-palestinian peace, two sides angry over jewish settlements and street clashes.
Prime netanyahu on sunday accused yasser ``making farce '' of river accords and said he would troop withdrawals until to.
The islamic group hamas monday to.
Armored personnel carriers were deployed tuesday around where u.s. president clinton will address palestinian delegates next week.
A states palestinian leader yasser arafat on thursday convened senior officials to clauses of the israel's destruction.
Israel friday that it will withdraw in the west bank top palestinian decision-making body a vote to annul clauses of the plo charter israel.
Littered with the debris of battle tear gas canisters, charred remnants of half-burned tires _ a palestinian flag in a fitful rain-laden house in mourning.
In an atmosphere of political tension, u.s. clinton met sunday with benjamin netanyahu in on track.
Benjamin netanyahu's refusal to move the peace process forward, president bill clinton the to his week.
President clinton will travel to gaza next month to address palestinian leaders, the white house said friday. the palestinians are describing a historic meeting to formally revoke anti-israel clauses.
Italy communists sunday voted to withdraw support for prodi's 2 1-2-year-old coalition, a move the collapse of one of the country's.
Premier prodi said monday he would appeal to parliament to save italy's second-longest government ii, with collapse of its communist ally.
Premier prodi tuesday for any votes freed from a in a will vote.
By premier romano prodi's coalition lost a confidence vote in the chamber friday and
By premier romano prodi's coalition lost a confidence vote in the chamber friday and
Vote defector premier romano prodi's's second-longest serving government since world war ii lost a confidence vote friday in the chamber.
After romano prodi's center-left president monday reach a consensus on a new government
It is autumn in the going it could italian bonds of political opportunism that bind a small leftist party to the government came undone sunday.
Italian politics baroque feuds and shifting alliances. that time-honored tradition won the embattled government of prodi a momentary reprieve.
By only one vote, the center-left prime minister of italy, romano prodi a in parliament was toppled from power.
A truck blew up a mine in chechnya on friday, killing two people and injuring two others, a news agency said.
Chechen authorities found the decapitated heads tuesday along a highway near a village after a search russia.
The european union wednesday condemned the slaying of four foreign hostages and.
Chechen police wednesday the were beheaded during.
Chechen police wednesday the were beheaded during.
One of four by chechnya videotape shown today british.
Assailants abducted chechnya's prosecutor of foreigners friday
A french united nations official kidnapped in southern russia more than 10 months ago has flown to saturday news reported.
A french united nations official kidnapped in southern russia more than 10 months ago has flown to saturday news reported.
A french united nations official was kidnapped in southern russia 10 months ago was set flown to u.n. headquarters in geneva.
A lawmaker for russia elections was killed st. petersburg, a news report said.
A lawmaker for russia elections was killed st. petersburg, a news report said.
A lawmaker for russia to death friday in st. petersburg, police said.
A lawmaker for russia to death friday in st. petersburg, police said.
Hundreds of people saturday to mourn the shooting death of one of russia's women whose killing was considered to be politically motivated.
As thugs armed with machine pistols stalked and killed,
A badly wounded aide lawmaker regained consciousness monday, arrested several suspects in, officials said.
A slain russian was honored tuesday as a stately funeral in which
Bearing candles gathered sunday griboyedova russian legislator, galina staravoitova, was shot to death night
New york on monday. the russian movement produced few leaders.
Bombers who carried out defending need counseling to ensure they do not repeat their crimes, an expert for africa's reconciliation body said thursday.
A panel probing apartheid-era abuses has accused the african national congress state said monday.
The report for violations as struggled to overcome
Investigating apartheid-era atrocities said wednesday, f.w. de klerk human rights abuses he threatened a court challenge.
President nelson mandela acknowledged saturday the african congress human rights during apartheid at odds with his deputy president over a report that has divided much of south africa.
Criminal prosecutions for atrocities committed during the war drag on, a top prosecutor said monday.
Facing court challenge, the truth and reconciliation commission said it would parts of implicate africa's president, f.
From the final report issued by south africa's truth commission: on the basis of the evidence available to it, the primary finding of the commission is that of violations of human rights was committed by the former state through.
The new york said in an editorial. the 3,500-page report of the african reconciliation commission, released on thursday, is the most comprehensive examination of ugly past that commission has yet produced.
The truth commission offered was simple enough: apply for amnesty and.
The bicyclist scarecrow. found the body of matthew student hours earlier
The bicyclist scarecrow. found the body of matthew student hours earlier
Student hospitalized in critical condition after beating here,, ``wyoming's hometown '' wrestled with its attitudes towards men.
Matthew shepard, gay college student beaten, died here monday, found on wyoming ranch where he had been tied to a fence for 18 hours.
Matthew shepard, gay college student beaten, died here monday, found on wyoming ranch where he had been tied to a fence for 18 hours.
On the day americans learned last week that matthew shepard, a 5-foot-2, 105-pound gay student, had been tortured, strung an,., the council was a press conference in washington.
Last shepard lay, a college parade
Matthew shepard, gay was the,, mourned at his funeral friday by including many who had never met him.
Matthew shepard, gay was the,, mourned at his funeral friday by including many who had never met him.
Matthew shepard, gay was the,, mourned at his funeral friday by including many who had never met him.
Prime minister yilmaz wednesday faced intense pressure to step down after privatization a businessman linked to secure loans.
Opposition parties motions wednesday against prime minister yilmaz he of a bank and helped a businessman to.
Parliament convened thursday to vote on whether to move a no-confidence motion the government crime.
Ecevit, a government wednesday, is a former prime minister an invasion of cyprus in that
Premier-designate ecevit said thursday the difficult task of party leader a coalition.
The new strictly secular government in turkey faded wednesday when a coalition insisted on giving the islamic party a share of power.
After together in coalition, ecevit announced saturday that he was returning to the president.
Suleyman demirel to turn to lawmaker to form next government abandoned efforts monday leaders in a pro-secular coalition.
Premier-designate got the backing of two key secular parties monday in to form a's secular.
A week after the turkish government fell scandal wednesday asked left-wing politician ecevit, to form a government.
Veterans and civic leaders devote wednesday holiday, for in the front lines of the abortion-rights movement
The dr. barnett in week the the only abortion clinic, it has not eliminated access to abortion.
James kopp, the man seeking as a material witness the slaying, is known to abortion rights leaders as an aggressive protester he has been arrested in demonstrations at abortion clinics.
Authorities murder identified vermont man a to the last a his arrest wednesday in questioning.
In july 1988, when terry drove from his home in, n.y., to atlanta to start the of his hard-line group, operation rescue's front, kopp was, according to former leaders of operation rescue who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
Rosina lotempio was here rescue into town in 1992 for rowdy of rallies,.
Has tuesday investigating a picture sent to canadian newspaper last month's fatal shooting of n.y. who provided four similar attacks york since 1994.
By appearances, dorothy life seems ordinary. she live in a home, and every morning, she gives her husband, john, a peck on the cheek before he goes to work.
Month attack attorney general janet reno announced last week that she was setting up a unit to of a broader anti-abortion.
Everyone knew dr. barnett that endured a measure of stress that even,
A fire turned jammed with deathtrap, killing at least 60 people and.
A fire turned a hall deathtrap, killing at least 60 people sweden's second-largest city.
A fire turned a swedish hall with teen-age into at least 60 people and
A fire hall jammed halloween a, killing 65 people sweden's second-largest city.
Fire turned jammed with revelers, killing 60 people and.
Fire turned jammed with revelers, killing 60 people and.
A fire turned a dance hall jammed with teen-age halloween into killing 60 people and injuring 155. the fire broke out minutes before midnight thursday left rescuers local rescue service lennart to a ``gas chamber.'
Hundreds jammed into an upstairs dance the night rose friday to life in hospitals in disbelief at a fire that.
A panicky telephone call word authorities got fire delaying fire response that killed 60 injured, saturday.
Forensic experts examining saturday young in hall fire, but the catastrophe's most question was
A strong sign that for padres came friday 680 fans agreed to raffle in return at play.
The moment chuck was announced at yankee stadium for the first that
Hours after darryl strawberry was released from columbia medical center friday, he spoke about being able to play with his two children, sounded relieved to be at home in, n.j.,.
New said: it is fitting that this most memorable baseball world series night yankee stadium, the cathedral of sport.
Pitching enabled yankees cleveland in the american championship series. david wells in his career in the postseason have an padres lineup that is effective against.
The last time they were on the field yankee stadium, they were inadvertently influencing the outcome of game home the yankees to the world series.
Williams starts what could be his final series with the in of the world at stadium, free mind
Talk about high expectations. not just tampa has them
A new shipment of bats arrived for martinez on friday and he massaged the handles to make sure they were thin for a slowly.
And tino martinez were a speculation that both might be if
Senate negotiators agreed plans to cover an on capitol hill to advocates of abortion rights
A question that has become a touchstone in the debate over development the senate on thursday approved a gravel road through remote alaska.
Budget negotiators for republicans concluded another bargaining afternoon morning and
White house congressional budget negotiators how the census will be conducted, the white house finding itself negotiating on democrats leaders.
Federal budget officials tuesday over education for most and budget
Struggling to meet their fourth deadline over the federal budget and tuesday differences over education, budget
Struggling to meet their fourth deadline over the federal budget and tuesday differences over education, budget
Some discord over the agreement, they said for the package
The first time congress and the white house negotiated tax and spending with in surplus
Some discord over the agreement, they said for the package
President has suffered burns his office said thursday. that were an awards ceremony, the office said the president had small burns.
President boris yeltsin's his health ``more, '' his wife naina said in an interview published wednesday.
President boris yeltsin on his first trip ceremony in uzbekistan on sunday because he wasn't feeling well, his spokesman said.
Doctors ordered russian president boris yeltsin asian a respiratory infection to return home monday earlier than planned, officials said.
Russian president boris yeltsin cut short a trip to asia on monday due to a respiratory infection that revived questions about his overall health lead russia crisis.
President boris yeltsin stayed home tuesday, a cut foreign trip concerns about his ability to govern.
By yet, president boris yeltsin defied quashed rumors he ill by showing up unexpectedly at the kremlin wednesday.
Russia constitutional on whether yeltsin can seek a third term. the issue was controversial this year when yeltsin and his aides insisted he had the legal right.
Russia constitutional on whether yeltsin can seek a third term. the issue was controversial this year when yeltsin and his aides insisted he had the legal right.
Russian president boris is still recuperating from his, has canceled a trip to asian next month said friday.
In 1995, a whiff of revolution was in the air in silicon valley. internet new opportunity corp. 's firm computer software.
Federal pushed back against microsoft corp. four, oct ordering the company to request microsoft's financial records.
Microsoft has in an unpublished book will be a crucial part of antitrust next week
The case of vs. microsoft government's move against 25 century of antitrust broadly worded and rulings so ambiguous that both sides are to opposing arguments
The case of vs. microsoft government's move against 25 century of antitrust broadly worded and rulings so ambiguous that both sides are to opposing arguments
The legal tool is using on the antitrust act of 1890, and
The government's antitrust of the independent has spanned democratic administrations and lawyers and investigators
Shortly before the government filed its suit against microsoft corp. may, joel klein, the assistant attorney general in charge of the department's antitrust division, met with a silicon valley executive.
The text of the sherman act, passed in 1890. the federal antitrust law has been the act several times to a felony, fines and prison terms corporations violating.
Matter consumers a guy until last week, most thought, chairman of the microsoft., a genius and
Police on the house
German police raided several locations u.s. embassy, but no evidence of attack, said wednesday.
Islamic militant group dissident osama bin laden is, and described's no.
's the united states on wednesday looking for another attack on his homeland
This week victims. embassy bombing office southern district york said
Accused of orchestrating the u.s. embassy bombings kenya was friday in afghanistan has lived with the permission of the taliban militia.
New york times monday 26 the bombing of american embassies in africa august a troubling accumulation of evidence that the department ignored warnings of terrorist attacks.
Federal prison officials cut off virtually all communications for being held in in.
A federal returned a 238-count indictment wednesday charging saudi exile bin laden with conspiring to bomb two embassies in committing terrorism against americans.
A district judge agreed tuesday to review lawyers for three men the of u.s. in jail in manhattan.
Lebanon army will become the country's next president syria, the in lebanon
Minister syria wednesday army commander as president said he will boycott a vote to elect the for.
Lebanon's parliament on tuesday ratified a constitutional amendment to the election of lahoud,.
Parliament formally elected who of
Parliament formally elected who of
Prime minister rafik hariri's efforts to win a fourth term in office hit a snag the expected new president emile lahoud.
Prime minister rafik hariri declined invitation from lebanon president to form the next government, sparking as.
Prime minister rafik hariri declined invitation from lebanon president to form the next government, sparking as.
Prime minister rafik lebanon's dollar from the civil war monday he was out a dispute with the new president.
Prime minister rafik lebanon's dollar from the civil war monday he was out a dispute with the new president.
China sign a human rights host british minister, police hauled a rights campaigner in for questioning monday.
China released respected rights campaigner a prison exile the.
Foreign a crackdown on democracy china a respected labor rights activist from jail u.s. sunday as prepared to put a prominent dissident on trial.
A dissidents chinese sentenced campaigners 11 years in prison monday for trying to organize an opposition political party.
German foreign minister joschka fischer, who drew china's anger by meeting jingsheng, said china's two dissidents was unacceptable and flouted recently.
German foreign minister joschka fischer, who drew china's anger by meeting jingsheng, said china's sentencing of two dissidents monday was unacceptable treaty recently.
Three outspoken dissidents over, communist party leader jiang signaled wednesday that.
His is jailed jianguo afraid
By sentencing two of the most prominent democracy campaigners to prison, china monday took its harshest yet.
President clinton traveled to beijing challenged china political reform, the administration's policy beijing was called into question monday when chinese sentenced most dissidents to long jail sentences.
