 schizophrenia patients whose medication could n't stop the voices in their heads gained some relief after researchers sent a magnetic field into a small area of their brains.
 scientists fathom the mystery of schizophrenia say they have found the strongest evidence to date that the disorder is caused by gene abnormalities, according to a researcher at two universities.
 a yale study is expanding what scientists know about the link between schizophrenia and nicotine addiction.
 a search for disorder schizophrenia are fascinated by the chemical environment of areas of the brain where perception is regulated.
 schizophrenia one of the most baffling of mental illnesses, the medical profession and society at large better use of what we do know about combating the disorder, a major study has found.
 cesarean babies may be more susceptible to schizophrenia than children born naturally, say canadian researchers who studied the operation on rats.
 a family schizophrenia the best predictors of whether a person will develop the illness, place and season of birth are significant risk factors, according to a large study by danish researchers.
 schizophrenia, the devastating illness that afflicts an estimated # # million americans, is rarely diagnosed until it.
 a massachusetts scientist who helped dispel the belief that schizophrenia came from bad mothering has won an albert lasker award america ', for his lifetime achievement.
 by the time psychiatrists encounter schizophrenia, its symptoms are already in full, but scientists have long surmised that the illness starts earlier demons beginning to of young people s well before the most psychosis appears.
 the smell, as marcel proust and his madeleine made clear, is intimately tied to feeling and memory, it is surprising that schizophrenia plays havoc with the emotional capacities of smell is impaired.
 's fingerprints may be used to diagnose schizophrenia and other mental disorders, a group of chinese psychiatrists announced.
 china 's military has ordered soldiers to fight to the death' to ensure that waterlogged dikes the yangtze do not collapse, state media reported monday.
 china was evacuating friday from land along the raging yangtze river officials were preparing to sacrifice to flooding to.
 water levels upstream on the yangtze river rose sunday to their highest of the year, threatening more flooding downstream where soggy dikes have begun to crack.
 china 's flood control headquarters sent an urgent appeal to soldiers already worn down from a summer-long battle against floods,.
 with the yangtze 's latest flood weakening wednesday, chinese officials warned that crowded.
 this year 's serious swelling of the yangtze river has been caused by abnormal movement of the rain front in the areas along the middle and lower reaches of the river, according to a senior chinese hydrologist.
 flood situation along the yangtze river favorable turn in the and.
 china urged soldiers and civilians to persist to the end in the struggle against the worst flooding on major rivers.
 flooding on the yangtze river remains serious although water levels on parts of the river decreased today, according to the state of.
 big floods are still possible in the yangtze river valley,.
 at the and yangtze river, china 's longest, recede today after the largest flood peak this year wuhan, capital of central china' s hubei province.
 surpty perched on his doghouse in front of his typewriter, looks over a farewell message from schulz in the new daily peanuts ', in newspapers.
 the charles schulz 's death one day before his final peanuts' appeared in newspapers weighed heavily sunday on fans of charlie brown,.
 cartoonist charles has finally found a home for charlie brown,, rosa 's most famous resident, who began drawing peanuts' strip in # # #, career by a five-week to celebrate his.
 you 's drawing more than # # strips over a half-century about loser got any wiser or any older, a boy whose friends were,, schulz has decided to cut charlie brown some slack.
 , with perfect rightness, ``'' for who in the world does n't feel like a close personal pal brown,, lucy and peanuts' '
 a self-portrait of charles schulz hangs above a doorway at the international museum of cartoon art in boca raton.
 ``'' the comic strip charlie brown was read by # #, in his sleep on saturday at his home in santa rosa,., hours before his last cartoon ran in the sunday newspapers.
 pages in newspapers around the world will be pretty much all-peanuts on saturday as a tribute to humor and insight from schulz.
 the comic strips in the nation 's newspapers today were supposed to be a surprise for one special man at their convention last year in san antonio members of the national cartoonists society a.
 , lucy and linus were missing, but snoopy was crew for assorted dignitaries at this' s groundbreaking for the schulz museum and research center.
 after vowing to combat online auction service ebay inc. finds itself the subject of a fraud investigation being conducted by the city 's department of consumer affairs.
 when sotheby 's sold a harry s. truman turned out to be a reproduction, the prestigious auction house apologized and.
 at law enforcement agencies investigating fraud ebay internet sites complained that they had been cheated.
 all is not utopia in the brave new flea markets, just customers of lee.
 auctioning the internet is one of the fastest-growing forms of electronic commerce, on a pace to reach # # billion a year, according to experts.
 in one of the cases of an internet company buying its traditional competitor, the ebay inc. agreed monday to acquire butterfield butterfield auctioneers san francisco 's largest auction house for # # #.
 when a company 's internet site breaks down, it usually means a annoyance for consumers and a costly.
 two online car sites want to do for automobiles what ebay has done for trading cards and elvis knickknacks: to buy and sell vehicles online.
 internet pioneer ebay invested in used car seller autotrader.com and the two companies have created a web site for auctioning used vehicles.
 how much would you pay for this newspaper, the may be coming, thanks to the web auctions when the consumer sets the price and merchants.
 for years, filmmaker michael mcnulty accused the government of lying about its actions during the seven-week confrontation with branch davidians that ended in fiery tragedy in.
 attorney general janet reno denied that recent revelations about the fbi 's use of tear gas during the davidian siege had strained her relations with fbi director louis freeh.
 thousands of pages of documents a congressional panel investigating the waco tragedy, democrat has turned up evidence that the justice department did notify congress about the fbi 's use of potentially.
 fbi lawyer '' superiors in pyrotechnic tear gas canisters davidians compound in waco, texas, a former senator who investigated the deadly raid said wednesday.
 fbi director louis freeh agency s is in question, wants outside the bureau to examine whether the deadly blaze at the compound waco in an agency spokesman said tuesday.
 the fbi released a new videotape in which agent describes the use of incendiary tear gas grenades during the assault on the davidian compound near,.
 the new york said in an editorial for sept. the naming of former sen. john danforth to conduct an independent inquiry into the fbi 's disastrous # #, texas is a promising development.
 in washington, holder issued a statement praising s ``today s review sheds further light on the truth, and discredits many of the allegations that have skewed the public 's perception of the events of april, holder said.
 anjones questions that lingered for seven years, john danforth said friday that for the bloodshed in waco rests entirely with davidians,.
 new york said in an editorial on tuesday july # #: john danforth noted last friday that his inquiry into the waco disaster had been limited to ``whether had engaged in bad acts, not whether they exercised bad judgment. ''
 attorney general janet reno pledged thursday to investigate the truth of waco incident in which members davidian were killed as their compound in waco,, was set on fire on april.
 the ioc high-level investigation thursday described as bribes' 'paid by the salt lake city bid committee to the.
 as a local controversy in salt lake city has international.
 the board of trustees overseeing the olympics will meet in session next week to dicuss the controversy surrounding alleged rules violations involving the bid for the games.
 organizers of the olympic games in salt city are not to blame for a bribery scandal that has embarrassed the olympic movement victims of blackmail, the swiss official who made the allegations said monday.
 under the scornful glare of his boss, the international olympic committee member who uncapped the biggest scandal in the agency 's history urged his colleagues monday to work for honesty.
 members of the delegation for quebec city 's olympics bid feel betrayed in light of the scandal surrounding the successful bid by salt lake city.
 the olympic executive whose accusations of bribery and blackmail ioc says as many as members might have received favors for votes in four recent elections to.
 salt lake city should be ordered to pay dlrs # # million in compensation to its competitors for having ``brought the race for the olympics, the leader of a rival bid said.
 el-farnawani, paid dlrs # #, says he delivered access, not votes, to utah olympic boosters.
 he bribed no one and did nothing wrong, tom welch organization acted responsibly in its winning bid for the olympics.
 australian international olympic committee member phil coles should resign after being implicated in the city bribery scandal, the head of melbourne 's commonwealth bid said thursday.
 an ioc official ousted bribery scandal involving salt lake city 's the olympics insists that he received never influenced his vote, the los angeles times reported sunday.
 initial justice department officials have begun weighing whether to seek indictments of anyone over the scandal surrounding salt lake city 's effort to win the olympics, a law enforcement official said thursday.
 the two chief organizers of salt lake city 's bid to be host to the olympics pleaded not guilty on monday to charges that members of the international olympic committee.
 ohio state coach john cooper has made his appeal to the voters in the associated press: if, florida state barely beats.
 under the new bowl coalition format that crowned a clear-cut national champion, more people were expected to watch the bowl title game.
 two bowl championship series will bring a few new wrinkles to the process of selecting the teams to play in its national championship game.
 coast conference commissioner john swofford will be the coordinator for bowl championship series this season.
 the new system for selecting the two teams for college football 's national championship game is not better than the methods used in the past, sec commissioner roy kramer said tuesday.
 the only college football contest played this season in which the lowest score, bowl championship series have approved a rating system to decide the nation s top two teams as well as other schools eligible to participate in the four-bowl series.
 the only college football contest played this season in which the lowest score, bowl championship series have approved a rating system to decide the nation s top two teams as well as other schools eligible to participate in the four-bowl series.
 the new system for selecting the two teams for college football 's national championship game is not better than the methods used in the past, sec commissioner roy kramer said recently.
 there 's a new poll, a new no, and some new math for gridiron-ologists to digest football on bowl season national champion.
 a bowl added to bowl championship series as soon as a preliminary plan introduced to college football officials.
 thep'j r-z, z -mq its first national championship football game for bowl championship series in will host the game in as part of a # # # television package, officials said friday.
 three men freed from death row illinois a mentally ill convict in virginia.
 a supreme court death row halted two executions this week and.
 conventional wisdom a new poll says californians are evenly divided between death and life without parole as the.
 two-thirds of death penalty cases that were appealed from # # were successful, report researchers who contend the nation s capital punishment system is ''collapsing under the weight of its own mistakes. ''
 for three days they met in san francisco to help one another learn to better swim against a powerful tide, the rest of the nation, californians support the death penalty.
 following six hours of passionate debate monday the massachusetts house of representatives defeated a bid to reinstate the death penalty in a vote that underscored the erosion of legislative support for.
 in their first statement in years opposing the death penalty, the nation 's roman bishops issued a call to ``all people of good will, and especially catholics, to work to end punishment.
 their ranks are admittedly small, their views seem incompatible with their political philosophy,, in recent weeks a number of prominent conservatives with tough law-and-order credentials raised questions about,.
 -lrb- the following ``separate buy '' article from slate, the premier online magazine of politics and culture, is from the new york times syndicate.
 the new york times said in an editorial for monday, july # #: george ryan says he never expected the national attention he has received for declaring a moratorium on the death penalty in illinois.
 to last week 's postponement of mose young' s execution slowed but did not stop missouri' s march to near the top of states with the highest numbers of executions.
 mattie compton her personal position on the death penalty as ambivalent, the worth woman has a strong sense of the need to keep society safe and the importance of the criminal justice system,.
 a poll released thursday shows a flurry of recent reports of innocent inmates being freed from death row has left a impression with the public and cut into support for capital punishment in the united states.
 by findings that americans who favor capital punishment worry that innocent people might be put to death, lawmakers vowed thursday to renew their push for a law to see that defendants lawyers access to dna testing.
 republicans on monday scheduled their caucuses feb. -- two weeks earlier than planned -- democrats said they 'll move to the same date.
 a bid to eliminate the state 's ``winner-take-all' republican presidential primary received a setback monday that its sponsor predicted would prove to the proposal.
 the republican presidential candidates are being invited to a series of televised debates in hampshire in the weeks before the nation s first primary.
 on the presidential calendar, tuesday is followed by what some are calling foregone friday, bush and al gore won sweeping victories in coast-to-coast primaries tuesday, some began to question the western primary --.
 stung by accusations that he had tried to stack the deck in new york 's primary for george w. bush, george pataki is proposing to make things more open next time around.
 for the next nine months or so, it will not be safe to barbecue at maurice 's piggy park enjoy a game of at a center for the elderly charleston.
 republican and democratic party leaders told state election tuesday that the presidential primary calendar needs to be prolonged in to early.
 comment on the demise of steve forbes' presidential campaign was disseminated by the associated press, which quoted the executive director of a group that studies the financing of campaigns: ``never has so much been spent with in return. ''
 the voting on march # this country has come to a national primary to choose the major parties presidential candidates.
 california 's free-for-all election system which allows voters to choose candidates affiliation, violates the rights of state political parties, the supreme court ruled monday.
 the republican party of the united states held its first major forum of the campaign hampshire.
 conservative activist gary bauer dropped out of the presidential race friday after finishing the last hampshire republican party primary.
 mccain 's attack on pat robertson, the founder of the coalition, and jerry falwell, the majority, a striking split within the republican party,.
 an outbreak that at least # # skiing has been contaminated beef at a minnesota meat processing plant, authorities said monday.
 # people have been sickened and one child died in the largest outbreak in state -- and possibly one of the worst nationally -- health officials said thursday.
 more than # # people were sickened with a potentially deadly strain of e. partying in a cow pasture last weekend, and state officials were scrambling to reach more than # # others who were there.
 at least six children in ohio have been infected by e. coli county fair is a source of the contamination, the state health department cleveland clinic doctors said monday.
 if the link between this week 's cluster of e. cases and white water themepark in marietta, ga. is the second time that chlorineinated swimming water transmitted the.
 have re-created in laboratories the elusive bug that they believe caused severe illness in almost students and instructors texas camp a few weeks ago.
 health officials believe that a man who died at a hospital in albany may have been the second victim of an outbreak of e. has already more than.
 outbreaks of food poisoning caused by a strain of e. bacteria bacteria japan have occurred in the united states york reported today.
 japanese government officials finally responded to the appeals of medical experts to declare the outbreak an disease.
 a man has become the victim in the food poisoning outbreak in lanarkshire,, has warned that the crisis could result in up to # #.
 the e. toll in canada may have reached, with deaths reported tuesday.
 the pentagon, to help financially strapped military personnel, has proposed banning surcharges on u.s. military bases,.
 a proposal to ban those surcharges goes before voters for the first time next month in san francisco,.
 fordoston began imposing a fee on non-users who use their connecticut atms monday, a move that was criticized even by customers.
 a plan by new england 's two largest banks to introduce a maximum # # atm surcharge on customers raise the fee for two years may violate antitrust laws, the state attorney general' s office said friday.
 atm to use atm machines are beginning to fight back, or.
 corpal group said monday that it would freeze its surcharge in massachusetts at # #,, and bankboston 's fee once the two banks formally merge.
 the fees banks using atm machines increasingly are under attack by state governments,.
 atms do n't just provide money to customers, they 're cash machines for the banks as well.
 in a pointed warning to san francisco surcharges california 's two biggest banks will stop using their cash machines monica when a law barring the fees takes effect thursday.
 a federal judge temporarily blocked san francisco 's initiative barring banks from charging fees to noncustomers who.
 patricia pena gave little thought to using a cellular telephone on the road before a driver hit her car broadside, fatally injuring her daughter.
 chatting on cell phone while driving legal in connecticut, after a lengthy debate thursday lawmakers used a voice vote to kill legislation that would have banned the practice.
 at t has sent a clear message to marlboro officials: the telecommunications giant does not support the township 's proposed ban on the use of cellular phones while driving.
 mayor bret schundler vetoed a measure thursday that would have made jersey city the second new jersey community to ban cellular telephone use.
 the notoriously garrulous new york city taxi driver is about to become a little less on a number of passenger complaints, the taxi commission passed a new regulation thursday that prohibits cabbies from using cellular phones while driving.
 it is illegal to talk on a cell phone in cleveland suburb, apparently the.
 , as finnie, an investment banker in san francisco, was driving home he did what he did nearly every time he got in the car: he picked up his phone and started dialing.
 state sen. smith wants arizonans to follow the suggestion on a popular bumper sticker: ``hang up and drive. ', the east phoenix republican has drafted a bill that would make it illegal to talk on the telephone while driving a motorized vehicle.
 cities ban in brooklyn,, the first ban in the nation was created a year ago and since sept. # # citations have been issued.
 more than # # million wireless phone users are taking to the road nationwide, a new poll shows texans fear that drivers are a big risk at the wheel.
 with more than americans regularly using cell phones, concerns about the public danger of distracted motorists talking on their phones while they drive.
 problems shut down the astronomical observations of the telescope may prompt a mission six months earlier than planned to the # # # spacecraft, nasa officials on wednesday.
 nasa will launch an emergency repair mission this fall to the hubble space telescope,.
 astronauts will rush to the hubble space telescope this fall -- eight months early -- to fix its pointing system.
 an emergency shuttle flight to the # # # hubble space telescope in mid-october to replace components in the mechanism that points the large observatory at distant stars,.
 to avoid a science '' the hubble space telescope, nasa announced wednesday that they would launch a space shuttle to repair failing parts on the orbiting observatory in,.
 the fourth of six gyroscopes aboard the orbiting hubble space telescope has faltered an abrupt halt to all celestial observations and lending new urgency to a space shuttle mission,.
 the telescope has ceased operations because of the failure of its precision observatory until a space-shuttle repair mission scheduled to, nasa officials said monday.
 the eye to the universe is closed, but if all goes according to plan, the hubble telescope window view for almost a decade will soon be reawakened by the nudging, gloved hands of astronauts replacing and repairing the failed inner.
 after a spirited chase across the sky, the space shuttle discovery grabbed the telescope with its arm tuesday, the observatory to.
 a pair of spacewalking astronauts on wednesday began the intricate process of repairing the dormant hubble space telescope, replacing the observatory.
 the space telescope got smarter and better able to point at distant astronomical targets on thursday as spacewalking replaced two pieces of the observatory 's gear.
 the space telescope, one of the finest tools of big science, awaits a servicing call this week for the installation of instruments which will open a new window on the universe.
 space shuttle discovery returned home early this morning after astronauts successfully ended their # #.
 the saga of bill and monica is more the stuff of sheldon than william shakespeare 's gossipfest with barbara walters ``speak i am' 'the phrase' '
 the house intern lewinsky, received an indefinite reprieve in having to decide whether to stand by her earlier assertion in an affidavit that she did not have an affair with u.s. bill clinton, or her story.
 , a close friend of president bill tuesday appeared before a federal grand jury investigating accusations that clinton asked former white house intern monica lewinsky to deny their affair.
 independent counsel kenneth starr asked lewinsky to be fingerprinted and voice and in the next few days, news reports said on tuesday.
 monica lewinsky has been given full immunity in exchange for testimony in kenneth starr 's six-month investigation of her relationship with president bill clinton, lewinsky' s attorneys said tuesday.
 former white house intern lewinsky is prepared to testify to grand jurors thursday in the white house scandal, reports said.
 president clinton, in a speech to religious leaders, included lewinsky in his statement of regret for having an improper relationship and lying about it.
 television stations in the united states monday began broadcasting a four-hour videotape of president clinton 's testimony before a grand jury on august.
 bill clinton on january # #, the extra-marital relationship bill clinton, the president of the united states, had with monica lewinsky, a former white house intern,.
 house prosecutor bill mccollum told senators president bill clinton 's trial friday that former white house intern monica lewinsky testimony clinton ``knowingly, intentionally' 'to.
 in a surprise move, u.s. house prosecutors asked the senate tuesday to ``request the appearance '' of president bill clinton at a deposition for his impeachment trial.
 the senate moved thursday to bring president bill clinton 's impeachment trial to a prompt conclusion, rejecting a request by house prosecutors to summon former white house intern monica lewinsky for testimony.
 broadcast across the world saturday the of the u.s. senate, former white house intern monica lewinsky recounted her story of a presidential affair and cover-up to americans see her testify for the first time and to decide the fate of clinton.
 britain 's defense minister praised czech republic on tuesday for progress toward nato membership, but said its army has a long way to match up to alliance standards.
 prime minister jean chretien said today that he supports the czech republic bid to join the atlantic treaty organization -lrb- nato -rrb-
 the czech republic and hungary will not compete with each other in their bids to join nato and the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- the telegraph agency reported today.
 czech prime minister klaus today criticized russia 's ambassador to the czech republic for saying that russia would reconsider its economic relations with the country if it persisted in trying to join nato.
 french president chirac promised the czech republic that france will do all it can to help prague join the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- in the nato in, according to agence france-presse.
 russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin arrived here for a visit to discuss nato 's eastward expansion with czech leaders.
 the north atlantic treaty organization -lrb- nato has decided to invite the czech republic, hungary and poland to join the alliance, nato secretary general javier solona announced here today at the end of the meeting of a two-day summit in madrid, sp
 the czech republic,, the first three countries invited to join the atlantic treaty organization nato are aiming to strengthen their cooperation in a wide range.
 general secretary javier solana expressed satisfaction over preparations the czech joining nato.
 , hungary and czech republic friday formally joined nato at a ceremony held in the city of independence,.
 republican bickering in congress resurfaced friday over census and the use of sampling, a statistical method that could affect the way congressional and state legislative district next year.
 house republicans questioned the quality of work produced by the census bureau in a count that is ahead of schedule and said the shortcomings may affect the accuracy of the data for census.
 a political dispute masquerading as a legal issue makes its first appearance in court thursday as republicans try to prevent the clinton administration from using statistical methods in the census.
 president clinton tuesday nominated new york social scientist kenneth prewitt to head the bureau agency mired in a legal controversy as it tries to get an accurate reading for the year population count.
 following are the decision by a federal panel in a lawsuit filed by the house of representatives against the commerce department over the proposed use of statistical.
 having lost two decisions in the lower courts, clinton administration officials and advocates of statistical the have begun to think about ways to use a modified form of the controversial methodology in the supreme court.
 a sharply divided supreme court on monday struck down president clinton 's controversial proposal to use a statistical formula to complement the head count of the u.s. population in the census.
 a sharply divided supreme court on monday struck down president clinton 's controversial proposal to use a statistical formula to complement the head count of the u.s. population in the census.
 prewitt, the administration 's census director nominee, on thursday told the u.s. committee that it was crucial that the issue of statistical sampling be settled soon.
 the kansas board of education has approved new standards for teaching science in schools that critics say strips evolution from its accepted center of studies.
 some local kansas officials are not planning to change what their schools teach about evolution, even though the state 's new testing standards de-emphasize its importance,.
 the audience was encouraged to,, hiss hallelujah, one sign on stage simply called for ''hubbub '' -- not surprising, given the subject being debated.
 nineteen states got d 's or f 's in a report that evaluated how public schools teach evolution, raising a new issue in a dispute between science and religion.
 new science standards were not on the agenda, but they were in the spotlight at the kansas board of education meeting tuesday.
 the kansas board of education voted wednesday to delete any mention of evolution from the state 's science curriculum, in one of the most efforts by creationists in recent to evolution in schools.
 conservatives won a major victory in kansas on wednesday when the state board of education approved new science standards that.
 the world kansas wants to.
 controversy swirling around her like dust devils in the fields, lu bitter, a science teacher at pratt high school,, clear about one thing will continue teaching the theory of evolution as she has for she.
 seventy-five years after the ``monkey trial '' in tennessee, a scientist 's report issued tuesday gave failing grades for neglecting to teach evolution.
 the nation 's homeless people are increasingly being harassed by police in which they beg and sleep cities ``' ahead of compassion, an advocacy group report.
 following homeless families in new york city to determine if social disorders prolonged their situation, a new study by new york suggests the problem is the city 's housing.
 weeks ago, when someone started stalking homeless people here, as they slept in the alleys and doorways and slashing throats, began making the rounds on the streets: the hired by the city.
 to the census bureau, in the year there no longer be homeless people,.
 nearly # # homeless men and women died in san francisco in the past year, the most deaths recorded since the city began tracking statistics in, the department of public health said tuesday.
 in milwaukee, homeless people can be arrested for sleeping on heating grates, in atlanta, more than.
 no more of the problems of homelessness than san francisco, the complaint about the panhandling and other manifestations of homelessness,.
 a national study of homeless people by shelters, soup kitchens and other programs found that half were in their first episode of homelessness, # # percent had worked at least part time in the previous month, and # # percent said that what they needed more than anything was help.
 in denver, five were pummeled to death and two more richmond, one was beaten, stabbed and beheaded, his head for display on a footbridge.
 former tanzanian president julius nyerere today inaugurated the foundation in central tanzania and called on africans to stand together and cooperate with each other.
 the united states is considering to create a standby force of african troops to what it called humanitarian crises in africa such as the ongoing tribal warfare in liberia, u.s. officials said.
 kenya urged the u.s. government to refrain from accusing it over the confrontations between kenyan police and opposition supporters,.
 special envoy jesse jackson called on the kenyan government to halt tribal conflicts in which some # # and since.
 envoy jesse urged monday president daniel moi during their talks to visit rift valley province in a bid to end tribal clashes killing some people since january.
 france will join the united nations peacekeeping force in central african will replace an african peacekeeping force deployed in bangui since january.
 kenyan president daniel moi urged kenyans to scrap challenges in the next millennium.
 the south african truth and reconciliation commission -lrb- trc -rrb- has completely failed to address or find the root causes for black-on-black violence which has claimed more than # # # lives in this country, home affairs minister mangosuthu said on saturday.
 india 's foreign secretary flew to bangladesh on sunday for talks, less than two weeks after bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina visited india to urge restraint following its nuclear tests in may.
 the dispute over the sharing of the ganges water has become a major hurdle in relations between india and bangladesh, indian external affairs minister mukherjee said today.
 foreign secretary faroq sobhan is expected to arrive here for talks with india on issues troubling bilateral relations ganges, trade imbalance and transit, the indian express said today.
 bangladesh and india today signed in new ganges water-sharing accord which would remove a major irritant in bilateral relations and pave the way for closer ties between the two countries.
 india and bangladesh clinched a historic deal on the ganges water, which will remove a major irritant in the bilateral relations in more than two decades.
 india and bangladesh today formally started sharing the common ganges water after india opened its farakka barrage at gmt -rrb- in implementation of an agreement between the two countries.
 india and bangladesh have agreed to maintain a status quo in the border areas final decision on the issue, official sources said here today.
 prime minister atal bihari and bangladesh,, held wide-ranging talks tuesday on matters of mutual interest for boosting the ties between their two countries, official sources said.
 bangladesh monday received fresh assurance from india of reaching a solution to border problems by february or march next year, according to the agency.
 , july -- bangladesh india monday kicked off talks in chittagong, the largest port city in the country, in the wake of a series of border clashes which left five people dead in both sides during the last week.
 installation of a power transmission line from changshou county of wanxian city of chongqing, china 's oldest municipality,.
 china will the main stream of the yangtze river at the three gorges in november, announced lu, general manager of yangtze three gorges project development.
 the three gorges power project in the yangtze has received more than # # million dollars in loans from german banks for purchase of turbines and generators, china daily '' reported today.
 the china yangtze river three gorges project invited noted chinese water conservancy and hydropower experts to act as consultants for the project to dam the yangtze river in early november.
 the design for the three gorges project -lrb- tgp -rrb- has stood the test of the reality, a project official announced.
 china the main course of the yangtze today for the three gorges project, declared president jiang at the site.
 china 's leading newspaper, the people s daily editorial monday highlighting the relocation project in the gorges area in china, the world s.
 the dalaoling state forest park in central china 's yichang, the city gorges project, is completed after two years of development, and has won the approval of expert appraisers.
 a senior official said that the damming of the three gorges project is on schedule and.
 gsm -lrb- global system of mobile communications -rrb- went into service thursday at the construction site of china 's biggest water control project --.
 china has decided to relocate # # regions in coastal provinces in the next nine years.
 police from countries and international organizations bulgaria 's capital monday to discuss joint action against a surge in car theft, smuggling and insurance fraud after the end of the war.
 the european nations and # # neighbors pledged to join forces tuesday to fight against child pornography and cross-border pollution.
 interpol must a new strategy for combating increasingly sophisticated crime syndicates to remain viable in the coming century, the organization 's president said thursday.
 interpol must modernize to fight increasingly sophisticated crime syndicates in the next century, the police organization 's president said thursday.
 interpol on monday approved an egyptian proposal that calls on police agencies to share information as part of the international fight against terrorism.
 the united states and european countries were rebuked tuesday for an international conference was in myanmar, one of the world 's biggest producers of the drug.
 a menlo park, calif. firm is working with interpol, the international police organization, to create a worldwide network that would act as an early warning system to help companies protect themselves from cyber attacks.
 the china interpol chief expressed confidence in hong kong 's smooth transition and its prosperity and stability cooperation between the and hong kong police hong kong on july,
 china is willing to enhance cooperation with all other countries and international organizations in fighting against crime, chinese minister of justice gao said here friday.
 chinese police will continue to strengthen cooperation with their colleagues in other parts of the world to.
 vietnam has floated the price of cashews due to a shortage of nuts to keep processing plants running, an executive of the vietnam cashew association said friday.
 the activist who threw a pie in the face of michel camdessus, the former international monetary fund chief,.
 vietnam has become the third cashew producer in the world, india and brazil, with # # # tonnes exported last year.
 ``from # #, '' said mtwara regional administrative secretary mama luwilo.
 the mozambican government continues the policy of exporting raw cashew nut without processing, the country 's nut industry will stop production this june, warned secretary-general mhaca of the central-sindical mocambicana today.
 india and sri lanka will soon set up a joint venture to expand cashew exports of both countries, the official daily news reported on tuesday.
 vietnam is expected to harvest # #, # # tons more than last year, vietnam news agency -lrb- -rrb- reported monday.
 tanzania aims to raise its cashew nut production to #, # # tons in this year, the ministry of agriculture and.
 mozambique 's national union of cashew workers friday called on the assembly parliament to pass a bill for protecting the cashew processing industry by banning,, the export of raw cashew.
 after fatal crashes, the air force is permanently grounding its t-3a training planes and turning its flight training over to.
 the state department has ordered the world 's largest test-pilot school to stop teaching foreigners, fearing the classes may supply nations with information about u.s. systems.
 the state department on friday lifted the ban it had imposed on foreign at a private test-pilot school over fears the classes could teach nations about u.s. weapons systems.
 the navy is giving college students and a aviation tryout to reduce a flight-training dropout rate that can be as high as.
 west beach fla. -- harold martin wants to be a missionary, he says he ca n't preach, so, the hobe resident plans to be a bush pilot for god.
 pilots typically learn how to handle engine failure, stormy and other disruptions in flight, but united airlines are more radical problems,.
 pilots and flight technicians from china 's civil aviation industry and the air force seminar on flight techniques for the next century,.
 guanghan is a small city of southwest china 's sichuan province, but, this little known city aviation college -lrb- cafc -rrb- the only higher education institute to train civilian pilots in china.
 the chinese air force will train # # female pilots, the seventh group of women the country aeronautics since, it was announced.
 zhangyang earned his pilot 's license from xinjin branch of the china civil aviation college in the city of guanghan in southwest china sichuan province.
 an international relief agency announced wednesday that it is withdrawing from north korea because the government has ordered it to stop treating starving and sick people and.
 the civilian population of kosovo has been subjected to a ``policy of terror '' that includes decapitations and cutting off ears, according to a report by the humanitarian group doctors without borders published tuesday.
 doctors without borders private aid to intervene in any country to treat the wounded,, won the nobel peace prize today.
 madagascar 's battle against a cholera epidemic is being complicated by a spat between the government of one of the world' s poorest countries and an.
 the united nations of ethnic cleansing to persist in kosovo, the belgian branch of the humanitarian group doctors announced monday it was ceasing operations in kosovo.
 years ago kebede haile worked as a well-paid physician for an oil company in his native ethiopia, he american patients with.
 doctors without borders medical personnel to some of the most destitute and dangerous parts of the world and encourages them not only to save lives, but also to condemn the injustices they see, was awarded the nobel peace prize friday.
 they might not be at the podium when the award is formally presented,, susan goldstein and cotter shared in the nobel peace prize announced friday.
 evan lee, an east boston physician, will never forget the malnourished, tuberculosis-ridden, somalian saved as a member of doctors without, the honor with the peace prize on friday.
 hong kong doctors and nurses are called to donate their one-day income june, -lrb- msf -rrb- a world-wide medical relief organization dedicated to saving lives in extreme circumstances.
 a mystery which has puzzled the world 's top scientists have finally been solved by a team of in mine japan.
 christopher mauger admits that doing cutting-edge physics from the mine shaft deep inside a mountain has its.
 once in a great while a neutrino does hit an atom and the blast of nuclear debris about the.
 in what hailed as a historic landmark, physicists from # # institutions in japan and the united states announced on friday that they had found the existence of mass in a elusive subatomic particle called.
 restored village, old wayside of the belief that buddha could assume several manifestations, each representing one of the deep teachings.
 frederick reines might have career in neutrino physics that culminated in the prize, died california-irvine medical center in calif.
 in the latest neutrino news n't subscribe to ``neutrinos today ''?, the the mysterious telescope searching for these subatomic particles is named after my niece, who, amanda.
 a team of japanese, american and korean scientists announced monday that they had for the first time fired a neutrino particle through a slice of the earth 's crust and.
 what physicists consider to be one of the last pieces of the puzzle that the of has been detected at the fermi national accelerator near chicago.
 scientists have found the first direct evidence for the subatomic tau neutrino known to physicists.
 it 's intended to be a: the upcoming division of' s vast northwest territories into separate governed pieces of tundra, rocks and.
 a new flag rose thursday in the arctic as nunavut, the self-governing territory of canada 's people celebrated its birth with fireworks, festivals and.
 as the northwest territories the snarliest of questions, april, the the the will split in two with the eastern region to become nunavut, a semi-autonomous homeland for the inuit.
 the day the map of canada is and native people in the north start to govern themselves is more than two months off.
 the are fanning out across the frozen tundra to bag sufficent caribou for a has never been seen in canada 's arctic.
 a bold attempt to right past and bring hope to an entire region was launched as thursday the map of canada was redrawn to territory of nunavut.
 part of okalik 's story strike a sad and familiar note in the north, like many young eskimos, he had no sense of hope about his future when he was growing up in pangnirtung, the north.
 the needle of a compass, kenn harper 's yearnings have pointed due north, after teachers' school in his native ontario, he in # # hamlet of broughton island '
 in this brand new government buildings on nameless streets had learned that the former speaker of the legislature had been convicted of sexual assault tuesday that education minister.
 canada 's new territory of nunavut will face a series of social and economic problems and.
 canada 's new territory,, was created thursday, the new arctic territory, was split off from the northwest territories,, four times as big as france.
 eleven of the european union 's members soldered their into a single currency thursday, but that union also had places as monaco, the vatican and the islands of.
 ``politicians, '' french prime minister alain juppe today reiterated france 's determination to realize the single european currency.
 british officials will fight suggestions that uk be forced to enter a new european exchange rate mechanism -lrb- erm -rrb- after the proposed european single currency comes into force, it was reported.
 british board of trade president ian lang wednesday warned that a single european currency could prove harmful to british business if adopted without full and careful consideration of possible consequences.
 prime minister romano and french president chirac reached a the single european summit talks in southern italian city of naples.
 italian leaders said today that there was more to europe than the single european currency -- the goal of the long process of european integration was a political government and a parliament.
 the european currency euro will go ahead on january a, according to a survey of british economists.
 brushing aside opposition to european monetary union, a senior executive of the european union claimed wednesday that the single currency is gaining credibility.
 the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- welcomed the entry of the greek currency in the exchange rate mechanism -lrb- erm -rrb- of the european monetary system and the a new central rate for the irish pound.
 the european parliament approved thursday the commission 's recommendation for countries to join the single currency mechanism in january.
 following are the key events in the european summit of the european summit of the european currency exchange rates between banks and cash and the # # # euro countries will no longer be accepted.
 a senior official of the eu said tuesday that doing business in europe will become more efficient and less costly for american companies when the euro comes into being in january.
 for the first day of the year of the century a new currency was introduced to the world 's financial markets.
 the desert nation of mozambique, recovering from devastating and.
 the desert nation of mozambique, recovering from devastating and.
 with tropical storm gloria threatening to wreak havoc in flood-devastated mozambique and its neighbors, aid agencies and foreign governments on friday stepped up their efforts to help those who have lost everything to the waters.
 of cholera in mozambique, restless flood victims were abandoning aid camps and.
 with heavy rains forecast and mozambique 's main highways impassable, the british navy anchored a floating helipad at the mouth of the swollen save thursday to speed food aid to flood victims.
 as aid agencies were feeding hundreds of thousands displaced by flooding in southern and central mozambique, floods hit a region monday.
 saturday 's headline in the daily newspaper noticias hit a nerve: ``west closes its eyes to tragedy in mozambique. ''
 zambia 's parliament has set up a parliamentary committee to raise funds and other materials for flood victims in mozambique,.
 u.n. secretary-general kofi annan tuesday joined the u.n. agencies once again in calling for massive aid to mozambique, saying that the southern african country was the more tragic '' because the nation was considered an african success story over the past decade.
 the development program undp and the national institute for mine clearance -lrb- ind -rrb- in mozambique tuesday announced an emergency plan in response to the landmines in the southern african country, officials said.
 a small but cost item in the million u.s. dollar appeal for mozambique this week is # million dollars for measures to reduce the southern country 's vulnerability to floods,.
 mozambique has gained this week some # # million dollars in aid for reconstruction of infrastructures floods earlier this year in the southeastern african country, said reports here.
 the year center, run by canadian y
 an estimated # # million.
 as a wave of litigation is expected to flood the courts and.
 y2k came to church last september, at first, pastor steve lalor of the emmanuel christian church was talking to his flock about the year computer-related problems.
 grassroots community organizers battling the y2k bug say the government and corporate america are undermining their efforts with a flurry of do n worry we 'll have everything fixed' '
 # # problems at corporations will not affect the economy and stock market, but consumer concerns about y could cause shifts in the market, a new report from merrill.
 a significant improvement in the awareness of the year y -rrb- among hong kong companies, a survey conducted by the hong kong productivity council -lrb- hkpc -rrb- showed tuesday.
 -lrb- y regional coordinators wednesday signed a historic y declaration that will lay down the framework for the region 's approach to the millennium bug as the second global y
 most companies in malaysia, or # # percent of the total, are ready for y, the kuala lumpur stock exchange -lrb- klse -rrb- said in a statement.
 philippine president joseph estrada underscored monday the the country 's defense system against the y.
 an influential lawmaker from the governing labor party saturday backed spanish requests to question former chilean dictator augusto pinochet in london for back surgery,.
 police said saturday they have arrested former chilean dictator augusto pinochet on allegations of murdering spanish.
 eight years after his turbulent regime ended chilean strongman gen. augusto pinochet is being called to account by spanish authorities for the deaths, detention and torture of political opponents.
 former chilean dictator augusto pinochet has been arrested by british police on a spanish extradition warrant, despite protests from chile that he is entitled to diplomatic immunity.
 president fidel castro said sunday he disagreed with the arrest in london of chilean dictator augusto pinochet, calling it a case of international meddling. ''
  gen. pinochet, who ruled chile as a despot for, has been arrested in london after spain asked that he be extradited for the presumed murders of hundreds of chilean and spanish citizens, the british authorities announced saturday.
  gen. pinochet, the former chilean dictator arrested at the request of a judge, remained under police guard sunday a potentially devastating court hearing to weigh his extradition on charges of murder.
 a stubbornly independent judge who more than once challenged the government baltasar garzon was ridiculed when he first set out to pursue the most notorious right-wing generals in south america for human rights in the # #, which they had already been at home.
 as a sign of how much chileans wish to forget their polarized politics and repression under gen. augusto pinochet, the immediate response to the arrest in london has been remarkable for its moderation.
 the arrest of gen. augusto pinochet the international human-rights law, suggesting that officials accused of atrocities have fewer places to hide these days,, legal scholars say.
 german police raided several locations near bonn after a terrorist threat against the embassy, but no evidence of a planned attack was found,.
 an islamic militant group on thursday threatened to retaliate if saudi dissident bin laden arrested and described washington 's no.
 federal prosecutors in manhattan said wednesday that one of the men accused of conspiring to bomb the u.s. in kenya and tanzania august had met earlier with osama bin laden, the suspected mastermind of the attacks, and ``. ''
 the taliban movement in afghanistan might consider putting bin laden on trial for a attack that american arabia, a leading newspaper reported wednesday.
 in a rare statement about the bombings of two embassies in africa, the fbi said friday that two vehicles had been used in the attack on the embassy.
 the clinton administration, saudi 's intelligence official met privately with the leader of the september to try to persuade afghanistan to deport osama bin laden, the saudi exile suspected of the american embassies in africa, according to and officials.
 months after the bombing of the world trade center in february, one of the suspects tried to bargain with prosecutors in new york, offering inside information about the bomb plot in.
 before the attack on the embassy, u.s. intelligence officials received a detailed warning that islamic radicals were plotting to blow up the building, according to kenyan and american officials.
 a federal grand jury in manhattan a # # indictment charging the saudi bin laden with conspiring to bomb two u.s. in africa in and with committing acts of terrorism against americans.
 a federal district judge agreed tuesday to review complaints by lawyers for three men arrested after the bombings of two u.s. in africa that their jail conditions in manhattan are unconstitutional and inhumane.
 a car bomb exploded friday in jerusalem market israelis shopping for the sabbath, the blast killed two, apparently the assailants, and.
 a car bomb blew up friday in a jerusalem market crowded with israelis shopping for the sabbath, the blast killed two israelis and prompted israel to suspend implementation of the peace accord with the palestinians.
 suicide bombers targeted a crowded open-air market friday, off blasts that killed the two assailants, injured and prompted the israeli cabinet to put off the peace accord.
 suicide bombers targeted a crowded open-air market friday, off blasts that killed the two assailants, injured and prompted the israeli cabinet to put off the peace accord.
 islamic militants are pulling out all the stops to the israeli-palestinian peace accord.
 islamic militants are pulling out all the stops to the israeli-palestinian peace accord.
 the father of one of the islamic militants who died in the suicide bombing jerusalem market said saturday sad about his son 's death but proud of what he had done.
 egypt president says there is ``almost nobody '' believes israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu will implement the latest peace deal with palestinians.
 a red fiat belching smoke moments before it exploded outside a bustling marketplace on friday morning,, the.
 president clinton expressed sympathy to israel friday after a car-bomb explosion in jerusalem market wounded people the.
 in asia sought high ground skies tuesday the most spectacular celestial fireworks in years, after enjoying a low-key preview monday.
 satellite operators reported no immediate problems tuesday as the earth passed through the tail of a comet that the with tiny bits of space junk zipping along at # # #, # # #.
 they stood on the tallest mountain in thailand or the desert in california, tens of thousands of people were searching the skies for a glimpse of the biggest meteor shower in decades.
 for residents of the united states, the leonid storm on nov. is expected to begin at # # # is to last for an hour or so.
 for at least the last years meteors comet has lighted up the sky,.
 chicken little love this one the earth is hurtling into the path of comet temple-tuttle.
 chicken little love this one the earth is hurtling into the path of comet temple-tuttle.
 by the earth collides with a dense swarm of tuesday night what may be the heaviest bombardment since orbit have maneuvered into positions facing away from damage.
 the much-anticipated storm of leonid swept over earth on tuesday,, leaving many sky watchers disappointed but others as.
 national forecast low pressure will move northeast over the northern great lakes thursday, a conveyor belt of cold, air to the northwest of the low 's track moderate to heavy snow over northern minnesota to persist into the afternoon.
 swissair lawyers are looking at procedures for making payments of around dlrs # #, # # # to families of those killed in last month 's scotia, a spokesman for the airline said tuesday.
 hundreds of pieces of swissair flight # have been retrieved from the ocean floor, investigators said tuesday.
 hundreds of pieces of swissair flight # have been retrieved from the ocean floor, investigators said tuesday.
 temperatures rose to # # degrees -lrb- # # degrees f -rrb- leaving traces of fire in the front of swissair flight before it crashed, an in-house publication of the airline said thursday.
 swissair ``did everything correctly '' in installing a state-of-the-art entertainment system switched off last month in the wake of the crash of flight #, the airline 's chief executive said in an interview sunday.
 swissair ``did everything correctly '' in installing a state-of-the-art entertainment system switched off last month in the wake of the crash of flight #, the airline 's chief executive said in an interview sunday.
 the aviation administration said on thursday that it would consider whether airliners old to fly which would be a change from its belief that jets are inspected often enough.
 investigators looking into the crash last month of swissair flight nova scotia have found ``'' wires from the plane 's in-flight entertainment system prompting the airline to disconnect the system on all of its jets, swissair officials said thursday.
 the aviation administration on thursday abruptly ordered airlines that fly md- to inspect two cockpit switches because one model in wide use can give off smoke at certain settings.
 after the crash of swissair flight the airline gave the grieving victims all the help disaster.
 china hopes to win its first asian games gold medal in the martial art of next month in thailand, the official china sports daily said tuesday.
 thailand expects # # nations to send teams to the asian games, but is waiting for confirmation from tajikistan, mongolia and a palestinian team, the games' organizers said monday.
 despite catastrophic hunger at home, north korea plans to send athletes and officials to next month 's asian games in thailand, south korean officials said thursday.
 chinese swimmers, some of their stars, are eyeing japan as the team to beat at the asian games in thailand, an official report said wednesday.
 star striker chen yang scored a hat trick wednesday for china in a lackluster victory over cambodia, securing his country spot in the second soccer round for the asian games.
 at the top of world field hockey, india have a hockey god to help regain glory, things are changing in bangkok, and we are feeling much better, '' rajinder singh, manager of the indian squad, said friday, a day after the indians defeated japan
 china 's swim team will hit the water at the asian games on monday with a reminder of the story of drug shame.
 china 's swim team will hit the water at the asian games on monday with a reminder of the story of drug shame.
 china 's women divers expect to clinch asian games gold in the competition face stiff competition from kazakstan in.
 china 's women divers expect to clinch asian games gold in the competition face stiff competition from kazakstan in.
 brazilian stocks dropped sharply monday in the lowest trading volume of the year of the president cardoso.
 attention has shifted in brazil from the president 's almost-certain re-election to gubernatorial runoff belts tightening measures economic.
 president fernando henrique 's economic plan critical point for brazil went to the polls sunday to elect governors in the district of brasilia.
 time royce is staying in the garage,, the will be toasted with locally-grown sparkling wine and contraband whiskey seized by customs officials.
 brazilian voters appeared to re-elect president fernando henrique cardoso in the first round of balloting sunday, the.
 brazilian voters gave president fernando henrique a comfortable lead in the first round of balloting sunday, apparently maintaining the leadership of a country struggling against economic crisis.
 through the weeks leading up to the national elections here on sunday, as some # # # brazil despite the of interest rates, international officials watched for the government to tackle as voting ended.
 the new york times said in editorial for wednesday oct. brazilian president fernando cardoso has little time to savor his first-round re-election victory sunday.
 rivals of president fernando cardoso won important victories in gubernatorial races sunday, the recently re-elected president a complex landscape for pushing through long-delayed government and economic reforms.
 the brazilian government, which pledged to slash by # # billion in an attempt to boost its economic credibility, has released new budget figures that show the reduction will run about half the promised amount.
 egyptian president hosni mubarak arrived saturday for a one-day visit to discuss regional problems with saudi king and other high-ranking officials.
 president mubarak of egypt will go to syria and turkey to help cool tensions between the two countries, which appear to be edging toward a military conflict, egyptian official said saturday.
 israel is not involved in any way in the current, growing confrontations between turkey and syria, a spokesman said saturday.
 about #, # turkish soldiers have crossed into northern iraq to attack kurdish rebels, the government said it might send forces into syria to eradicate guerrilla bases, news reports said saturday.
 the turkish government, which sent about # # into northern iraq to attack kurdish rebels, has said it might send forces into syria to eradicate guerrilla bases,.
 egyptian president hosni mubarak flew here on sunday to defuse growing tension between syria and turkey.
 it does not want to be involved in any potential military confrontation between syria and turkey is routine exercises along its border with syria.
 egyptian president hosni mubarak flew to damascus on sunday to try to defuse growing tension between syria and turkey.
 tension between turkey and syria has risen to the point where the turkish military commander says the two have reached ``a state of undeclared war. ''
 in a sign of arab concern over growing tensions between turkey and syria, egyptian president mubarak flew on short notice to syria on sunday in an effort to defuse what is being portrayed in the middle east as an unsettling crisis.
 assailants killed three soldiers and a civilian in the territory of east timor, indonesia 's official antara news agency reported sunday.
 a u.n. envoy said wednesday he was making progress in his efforts to mediate a settlement between portugal and indonesia on the disputed territory of east timor,.
 portugal and indonesia are mulling a new proposal to settle their dispute timor, and talks between the two are at a crucial stage, according to a u.n. envoy.
 indonesia 's military said friday that it was ready to act against a threat from east timor group to.
 rebels in the disputed territory of east timor were holding captive wednesday after others they.
 # people held a candlelight vigil outside the embassy thursday, demanding that president b.j..
 bullets killed two villagers during a gunfight between separatist rebels and police in the northernmost indonesian region of aceh on sunday,.
 indonesian legislators on friday portuguese effort to extradite suharto, describing the proposal as unreasonable.
 opponents of indonesia 's control over the disputed territory of east timor said thursday that documents leaked from the indonesian ministry of defense that the army is not drawing down its forces in the territory as the government reported.
 indonesia 's commission on human rights will investigate accusations that soldiers executed as many as people this month in the province of east timor in a military operation against armed rebels,.
 a major step toward statehood, the palestinians on tuesday inaugurated gaza airport,, with cheers, tears and.
 a major step toward statehood, the palestinians on tuesday inaugurated gaza airport,, with cheers, tears and.
 the first commercial flight landed at amman 's marka airport on saturday an air route between jordan and the gaza strip.
 israel threatened to close down the palestinian-run gaza airport over a security violation, an israeli official said tuesday that could further undermine the fragile peace process.
 israel threatened to close down the palestinian-run gaza airport over a security violation, an israeli official said tuesday that could further undermine the fragile peace process.
 israeli security officials delayed planes from taking off from the palestinian airport on wednesday, the latest tensions in a rare area of israeli-palestinian cooperation.
 israeli security officials delayed planes from taking off from the palestinian airport on wednesday, marking the latest tensions in a rare israeli-palestinian cooperation.
 palestinians celebrated with the long-delayed opening of their international airport tuesday as a parade of planes swooped down from cottony skies and glided to a in the flatlands of gaza.
 at, on saturday in the cockpit of palestinian airlines flight to depart from gaza ', capt.
 at, on saturday in the cockpit of palestinian airlines flight to depart from gaza ', capt.
 libyan leader moammar gadhafi said the suspects in the lockerbie bombing are ''very happy to be tried in the netherlands, and hoped the trial would lead to a better relationship with the united states.
 libya has denied u.s.,british allegations that it is delaying the hand-over of two men wanted for the blowing up of an airliner over scotland.
 zimbabwean president robert mugabe arrived in egypt monday after meeting with libyan leader moammar, it was not clear if his plane flew directly from libya in violation of a u.n. state.
 zimbabwean president robert mugabe arrived monday in egypt after meeting with libyan leader moammar, it was not clear if his plane flew directly from libya in violation of a u.n. state.
 newspapers reported wednesday that three top libyan officials have been tried and jailed in lockerbie case, libyan dissidents said the reports appeared to be a ploy by libya 's leader,.
 secretary-general kofi annan said wednesday that he may travel to libya next week in hopes of closing a deal to try two suspects in the lockerbie bombing.
 secretary-general kofi annan said wednesday that he is considering a trip to libya next week that could close a deal to try libyan suspects in the lockerbie bombing.
 farrakhan, the leader of a u.s. group, met with leader moammar on sunday and congratulated him on his recovery from a hip injury, state-run libyan radio reported.
 amid roman ruins azure sebastian cuisenier walked alone, a rare visitor to a site that almost anywhere else in the world would be thronged with tourists.
 at least, nearly everything on display in libya these days seems calculated to project defiance, posters on downtown streets mock six years of u.n. sanctions, african leaders who have flown to libya in violation of an international ban on air travel.
 foreign minister ismail cem said wednesday turkey was remaining cautious towards syria a deal with damascus to.
 russia 's parliament on wednesday asked president boris yeltsin to offer political asylum to kurdish rebel leader ocalan, who is wanted in turkey on charges of heading a terrorist organization.
 russia 's parliament on wednesday asked president boris yeltsin to offer political asylum to kurdish rebel leader ocalan, who is wanted in turkey on charges of heading a terrorist organization.
 the foreign ministry on friday protested the invitation by greek to a kurdish rebel leader to visit greece.
 seven female members of a kurdish group were on a hunger strike tuesday in support of a leader,.
 ocalan leader of kurdish has been sought for years by turkey has been detained in rome after stepping off a plane from moscow, turkish and italian officials said friday.
 the leader of a kurdish insurgency, a terrorist by and its most-wanted criminal, has been arrested in rome a battle extradition.
 the leader of a kurdish insurgency, a terrorist by and its most-wanted criminal, has been arrested in rome a battle extradition.
 about kurds began a hunger strike in the main square of nicosia on saturday to protest the detention in italy of kurdish rebel leader ocalan.
 a crisis between turkey and syria appears to have been temporarily defused by the signing of an agreement in which syria agreed to stop supporting kurdish rebels, who.
 the united states and other powers saturday an overhaul of the world 's financial system turmoil from.
 the chief executive of the international monetary fund said wednesday there should be a slight improvement in global economic fortunes by europe and the united states.
 da silva stepped up to the consumer society four years ago,.
 as leaders from the world s economies, as well as from many of the most, gathered saturday for talks, the clinton administration faced challenges from europe, japan and emerging-market nations, with different and even contradictory strategies for stabilizing the global economy.
 brazilian voters appeared to re-elect president fernando henrique cardoso in the first round of balloting sunday, the.
 brazilian voters gave president fernando henrique a comfortable lead in the first round of balloting sunday, apparently maintaining the leadership of a country struggling against economic crisis.
 through the weeks leading up to the national elections here on sunday, as some # # # brazil despite the of interest rates, international officials watched for the government to tackle as voting ended.
 increasingly angry at what they consider the lenient treatment that russia received in its bailout by the international monetary fund, latin american officials and economists warned monday that programs to protect their own countries were too paltry.
 the new york times said in editorial for wednesday oct. brazilian president fernando cardoso has little time to savor his first-round re-election victory sunday.
 a three-man economic team headed for president fernando henrique cardoso flew off to portugal, brazilian government officials on an ambitious package to raise # # # billion in revenues through spending cuts and.
 in a good year for democrats, barbara boxer won her seat in the u.s. with # # percent of the vote, in the six years since, she has been a outspoken liberal from a state that has never lifted her job approval ratings above # percent.
 following the senate race in york this year for this one of the epic ideological battles of the right-wing extremist, sen. d'amato, versus the congressman,.
 following the senate race in york this year for this one of the epic ideological battles of the right-wing extremist, sen. d'amato, versus the congressman,.
 as members monday 's debate and votes in the house committee marked the third time in the nation s history that impeachment of a president has been formally considered capitol hill.
 every member of the committee paid some tribute to the constitution and the founding fathers monday.
 senator alfonse d'amato and rep. schumer are locked in an race for the senate outcome a group of undecided voters, many of whom are not paying attention to the contest, a new york times poll has found.
 he is duplicitous, '' a wolf in sheep 's clothing' 'campaign in the past.
 he is duplicitous, '' a wolf in sheep 's clothing' 'campaign in the past.
 slaughter has not been a big fan of clinton, she thinks he was a major reason the democrats lost control of congress in has struck deals with the republicans and has been reckless and.
 for all the duty and constitution, it was not all that difficult for the house to open impeachment inquiry president thursday.
 a bosnian muslim prison guard charged with war crimes against serb prisoners a milder sentence because he suffers from mental problems worsened by the war, his lawyer told a u.n. tribunal monday.
 yugoslav war crimes tribunal investigators plan to return to kosovo and resume their probe of alleged atrocities in the troubled province, tribunal official said wednesday.
 the general assembly voted friday to select judges to fill a new trial chamber of the yugoslav war crimes tribunal whose caseload could grow with atrocities committed during the kosovo conflict.
 a delegation of u.n. war crimes investigators and prosecutors to visit kosovo early next month, officials at the yugoslav war crimes tribunal said wednesday.
 the yugoslav war crimes tribunal its third conviction, a bosnian serb thursday pleaded guilty to.
 three serbs were wounded after their cars were raked by gunfire from separatist albanians,.
 three serbs were wounded after their cars were raked by gunfire from separatist albanians,.
 the president of the u.n. war crimes tribunal angrily branded yugoslavia a ``rogue state '' thursday belgrade to probe alleged atrocities in kosovo.
 yugoslavia must cooperate with a u.n. war crimes panel investigating allegations of atrocities in the yugoslav province of kosovo, a u.s. official said saturday.
 a man who says he is the lone survivor of a massacre in which albanians were killed in this village recalled thursday how he was herded into a garden with other men and told to lie flat on the ground.
 unknown gunmen abducted three britons and a new zealand citizen in russia 's breakaway chechnya region after a shootout with their bodyguards, a regional official said sunday.
 a foreign office minister said monday the british company whose four employees were kidnapped in chechnya was specifically warned to withdraw from russia 's breakaway region,.
 the embassy in has received no direct information about three britons and a new zealander kidnapped in chechnya two weeks ago, an embassy official said wednesday.
 a bomb exploded in a car carrying a senior muslim cleric in chechnya on thursday,, russian news agencies reported.
 chechen officials said the bodies of four kidnapped foreigners had been found tuesday near a village.
 chechen authorities found the remains of four kidnapped foreigners tuesday near a village in the breakaway region russia.
 chechen authorities found the remains of four kidnapped foreigners tuesday near a village in the breakaway region russia.
 chechen authorities found the decapitated heads of four kidnapped foreigners tuesday near a village after a two-month breakaway region russia.
 the severed heads of kidnapping victims, identified as three britons and a new zealander, were found tuesday on the side of a road in chechnya, the region on russia 's southern border emerged undefeated from a brutal war two years ago to be engulfed by a wave of kidn
 and bombers who carried out atrocities defending or fighting apartheid need counseling to ensure they do not repeat their crimes, an expert for south africa 's reconciliation body said thursday.
 a panel probing apartheid-era abuses has accused the african national of human rights violations,, the state broadcaster said monday.
 the institution exploring apartheid 's horrors will issue a report that finds the african national congress for human rights as it struggled to overcome rule.
 a panel investigating atrocities said wednesday it will implicate the apartheid-era president f.w.
 president nelson mandela acknowledged saturday african national congress violated human rights at deputy president has divided much of south africa.
 a court, the truth and reconciliation commission said wednesday it would withhold at least temporarily, the parts of its report that africa 's last apartheid-era president,.
 following are the final report issued by south africa 's truth and reconciliation commission on thursday: the evidence available to it, the commission is that: the majority of gross violations of human rights was committed by the state through its law-enforcement agencies.
 the new york times said in an editorial on sunday, nov. the report of the african truth commission released on thursday, is the most comprehensive and unsparing examination of nation 's past that has.
 the deal that south africa 's truth and reconciliation commission offered was simple enough to amnesty and.
 the deal that south africa 's truth and reconciliation commission offered was simple enough to amnesty and.
 the badge of martyrdom '' pope john paul saturday honored croatia 's world war ii a hero to roman catholics a symbol of divisions in balkans.
 the badge of martyrdom '' pope john paul saturday honored croatia 's world war ii a hero to roman catholics a symbol of divisions in balkans.
 declaring him a martyr of the faith, pope john paul ii on saturday honored croatia 's world war ii cardinal a hero to roman catholics a symbol of divisions in balkans.
 declaring him a martyr of the faith, pope john paul ii on saturday honored croatia 's world war ii cardinal a hero to roman catholics a symbol of divisions in balkans.
 declaring him a martyr of the faith, pope john paul ii on saturday honored croatia 's world war ii cardinal a hero to roman catholics a symbol of divisions in balkans.
 on a sun-basked seaside packed with pilgrims pope john paul ii sought sunday to heal the wounds left by war and totalitarian rule, urging a renewal of values in croatian society.
 on a sun-basked seaside packed with pilgrims pope john paul ii sought sunday to heal the wounds left by war and totalitarian rule, urging a renewal in croatian society.
 the world war ii archbishop of zagreb as a martyr to ``the atrocities of the communist system '' pope john beatified on saturday.
 the world war ii archbishop of zagreb as a martyr to ``the atrocities of the communist system '' pope john beatified him saturday.
 at a mass here pope john paul called for reconciliation the yugoslavia and urged the world to do more for the victims of the balkan war that ended not long ago in croatia and has most recently raged in kosovo.
 turkey 's government collapsed wednesday after losing a confidence vote in parliament over a corruption scandal that tainted the prime minister with allegations of mob ties.
 turkey 's president began to construct a new government wednesday but not neatly fit forces pressing for power and their opponents struggling.
 the head of turkey 's pro-islamic party said thursday he would not insist on his chance to lead turkey' s next government, a confrontation that would only deepen the nation s political crisis.
 the head of turkey 's pro-islamic party said thursday he would not insist on his chance to lead turkey' s next government, a confrontation that would only deepen the nation s political crisis.
 the head of turkey 's pro-islamic party said thursday he would not insist on his chance to lead turkey' s next government, a confrontation that would only deepen the nation s political crisis.
 one of turkey 's leading politicians warned sunday that a political vacuum could cripple the domestic battle to keep islamists at bay and in the fight for the extradition of a kurdish leader.
 one of turkey 's leading politicians warned sunday that a political vacuum could cripple the domestic battle to islamists at bay and the fight for the extradition of a kurdish rebel leader.
 secular military leadership warned monday against dragging the army into politics, after its leader said the the army s party was receiving signals that the army liked the party 's tone.
 demirel planned to meet with deputy premier ecevit on wednesday, stoking speculation that he 's ask the center-left leader to form a new government.
 the government of prime minister yilmaz since its inception months ago by competing pressures from islamic groups and the rigidly secular military lost a vote of confidence in parliament and wednesday.
 an arctic cold wave that hit poland a week ago has killed, police said monday, most of the victims were middle-aged men who had been drinking alcohol and passed out in the cold, according to grazyna puchalska of the national police headquarters.
 an arctic cold wave and accompanying blizzards have killed at least # # people throughout europe, police and media reported monday.
 an arctic cold wave and blizzards have killed at least # # people throughout europe, police and media reported monday.
 chmiel knows about being homeless and drinking, so his explanation for the deaths as of wednesday in poland 's wave.
 cold weather in moscow killed at least people in november, medical officials said on monday winter has come early to the russian capital this year, with temperatures.
 two more victims of poland 's cold front were found thursday, raising the death toll from more than two weeks of freezing temperatures to at least.
 two more victims of poland 's cold front were found thursday, raising the death toll from more than two weeks of freezing temperatures to at least.
 the death toll from almost three weeks of temperatures has reached, after a.
 the death toll from almost three weeks of temperatures reached on saturday after two men froze to death in their homes in poland.
 national forecast inclement weather will affect parts of the northeast on thursday as developing low pressure lifts atlantic across the region.
 typhoon babs headed toward china friday after battering the central and northern philippines with heavy winds and rain that killed at least people, flattened crops and drove more than # # # from their homes.
 typhoon babs raced toward southern china on saturday, leaving behind a trail of destruction on the philippines main island where at least # # # and hundreds of thousands were forced to flee their homes.
 , the smashed coconut and trees scattered on the hills look like broken matchsticks, a painful reminder of the destruction left by typhoon babs in.
 typhoon babs brought torrential rains and landslides to taiwan and lashed hong kong with strong winds sunday after killing more than # # # in the philippines and.
 typhoon babs brought torrential rains and landslides to taiwan and lashed hong kong with strong winds sunday after killing at least # # in the philippines and.
 typhoon babs weakened into a severe storm sunday night after it triggered massive flooding and landslides in taiwan and slammed hong kong with strong winds.
 president joseph estrada on thursday donated -lrb- -rrb- the equivalent of his salary for one year, to a fund for victims of typhoons in the philippines, the presidential palace said.
 inflation pressure on commodity groups in the philippines in october,.
 the price of the philippines has risen drastically this month because of retailers speculating on a shortfall in copra production, the government said thursday.
 national forecast snow advisories were issued thursday for the mountains in southeast as a system was forced to ascend the sloping terrain.
 dr. slepian obstetrician with a practice in suburban buffalo n.y. returned home from synagogue with his wife,, and his four sons.
 dr. slepian obstetrician with a practice in suburban buffalo n.y. returned home from synagogue with his wife,, and his four sons.
 some of those whom knew him dr. slepian continued to perform abortions in the face of death threats because he had what one friend called a stubborn kind of courage. ''
 no arrests reported in friday 's slaying of dr. slepian, the three doctors who publicly acknowledge performing abortions in the area remained in seclusion sunday as residents of suburb reeled from the news that sniper could still be in their midst.
 the new york times said in an editorial on monday, oct. # #: the murder of dr. slepian is the latest depraved assault on the number of courageous physicians who still risk their safety to perform legal abortions in this country.
 neal, a computer programmer in carrollton, ga., does not understand what fuss is about, three years ago, he established a web site called ``the nuremberg files' 'a list attempting to record the name of every person working in the baby slaughter business across the united states of
 in the second and final debate in the race for state attorney general, eliot spitzer, the democratic incumbent dennis vacco on sunday of the way for this weekend 's slaying of an obstetrician.
 five attacks against abortion doctors in canada and the united states have occurred in the last four years within a few weeks of nov veterans day, a date observed as remembrance day in canada, but which some anti-abortion activists are said to call unborn children day. ''
 slepian, a gynecologist in buffalo has become a factor in at least two campaigns in new york, say political consultants and.
 federal outside protesters waving pictures of aborted fetuses from the clinic dr. slepian performed abortions was on reopened here tuesday its director vowed to continue his work.
 a fire turned a hall hall hall into a deathtrap, killing people and injuring others in sweden 's second-largest city.
 a fire turned a hall hall hall into a deathtrap, killing people and injuring others in sweden 's second-largest city.
 a fire turned a hall hall halloween killing and.
 hundreds of teen-agers into an upstairs hall dance the night away by the time rose friday were dead, clinging to life in hospitals or weeping in disbelief at a fire that killed.
 a panicky telephone call in poor swedish was the first word that authorities got of a fire dance hall crowded with immigrant teen-agers, delaying fire squads' response to the blaze that killed and injured, officials said saturday.
 forensic experts examining were able saturday to identify more of the people who died in a dance hall fire, but the catastrophe 's most tormenting question was.
 officials sunday on what might have caused the fire that killed young people,.
 officials sunday on what might have caused the fire that killed young people,.
 for three days trapped in a dance-hall fire died early monday, the death toll in the inferno to.
 they were teen-agers whose parents had brought them from homes torn by war or terror,, and others, and in their new country they formed new bonds through music and parties.
 thousands of demonstrators rallied in tehran park sunday to protest the rejection of scores of candidates for the election of a powerful assembly.
 in key election friday, senior clerics fervently urged iranians to vote in large numbers to show confidence in the regime.
 iranians voted friday to elect a assembly expected to be dominated by hard-line clergymen who favor powers iran 's supreme leader.
 iran 's media boasted about a huge turnout in elections friday for the council that oversees the country' s supreme leader.
 leading in national elections for a key assembly that elects and oversees iran 's supreme leader, according to partial results saturday.
 leading in national elections for a key assembly that elects and oversees iran 's supreme leader, according to partial results saturday.
 iran 's won a decisive victory in elections for a clergy-based assembly that oversees the country' s supreme leader, official results showed sunday.
 iran 's won a decisive victory in elections for a clergy-based assembly that oversees the country' s supreme leader, official results showed sunday.
 iran 's won a decisive victory in elections for a clergy-based assembly that oversees the country' s supreme leader, official results showed sunday.
 iran 's won a decisive victory in elections for a clergy-based assembly that oversees the country' s supreme leader, official results showed sunday.
 it plowed past caribbean islands, crashing into the lives of more than.
 things could have been worse, flirted with catastrophic -lrb- -rrb- winds over the atlantic caribbean near guadeloupe in a diminished.
 at a shelter in puerto rico last week hillary rodham spoke of a dlrs million dollar u.s. to rebuild homes.
 searchers recovered more bodies over the weekend from tons of gravel in a southeastern town,, officials said monday.
 haiti has dlrs # # rebuilt roads, bridges and irrigation canals destroyed by hurricane georges less than half the for the hardest-hit areas,.
 national forecast cover patches of the landscape from ohio on friday.
 the voice that haunts bill becker is a woman 's filled with fear dialed in the dark on sept. as hurricane georges reached its # # # peak over the keys.
 for, hurricane plowed across the caribbean, killing at least # # and property damage estimated at more than # # billion as it through nearly a dozen countries before expiring as an early fall.
 in many ways, the capital of puerto rico does not strikingly different from cities in the states like miami, houston and parts of new york.
 a natural disaster as terrible as hurricane mitch, which killed more than #, # # people in central america in the past two weeks and left nearly million more homeless teaches a lot about the way a society does or does not work.
 with just days until money for the new fiscal year runs out, president clinton and congressional democrats on monday escalated their criticism of republican leaders for not moving faster on the spending bills.
 congress is playing chicken '' the and the american public, the government is now running on time.
 congress is playing chicken '' the and the american public, the government is now running on time.
 with days until temporary financing for the government runs out, house republican leaders tuesday demonstrated a new willingness to resolve several of the spending issues that had toward government.
 new york times said in an editorial for wednesday, oct. in an atmosphere already over impeachment proceedings, president clinton and republican leaders are heading toward another nasty confrontation on the budget that threatens to shut down the government.
 with three days until temporary financing of the government expires, met wednesday night with white house officials in their first high-level attempt to resolve dozens of spending issues and.
 republican congressional leaders presented the clinton administration thursday with a list of conditions that they want imposed on the international monetary fund in congress to approve # # # billion in new money for the imf.
 negotiations faltered friday, prompting congress to delay until midnight monday its deadline for passing a spending bill to keep the government open.
 republican plan for a big tax cut coming to a vote in the senate scrambled friday to put together a far smaller tax package that.
 the clinton administration has begun to consult foreign governments about changes that will be demanded of the international monetary fund under a deal with congress to provide the fund with # # billion, administration and congressional officials said sunday.
 in a move that indicated he has no intention of backing away from his company ', gates has proposed acquiring the software business behind corp. 's palm pilot hand-held computer, according to people who briefed.
 after months of prelude, the antitrust trial against the microsoft corp. in monday morning with a personal attack on gates, the company 's chairman testified in a taped deposition that little about the key charges against company by the department and.
 the government 's case against microsoft is a that around communications' s leading witness, james barksdale, netscape 's.
 the government 's opening statement, a defiant microsoft corp. forcefully defended its chairman, gates, in court on tuesday, asserting that the tactics of his company are not only common in the industry but also good for economy.
 demonstrating yet again the franchise, the microsoft corp. tuesday reported that its quarterly earnings had risen # # percent over their level a year earlier, far exceeding.
 in a move that indicated he has no intention of backing away from his company ', gates has proposed acquiring the software business behind corp. 's palm pilot hand-held computer, according to people who briefed.
 crime to a felony, the and for individuals and corporations convicted of.
 to a central allegation in the government 's antitrust case, microsoft corp. on wednesday a secret e-mail message from the chairman of communications corp. microsoft' s suggesting that microsoft invest in netscape.
 a lawyer for microsoft corp. on thursday the company 's competitor in the internet software business, netscape communications corp., as a participant in a june meeting at which the and netscape say that microsoft illegally offered to the market.
 the new economy is on trial with microsoft corp. the company is the one in the dock, the outcome of the case against microsoft will establish the ground rules for how the doctrine of antitrust will apply to high-technology fields like computer software.
 solemn-faced kenyans whose relatives were killed in the terrorist bombing of a u.s. embassy on friday said.
 prosecutors have asked for a to provide germany with paperwork necessary to extradite a top of saudi terrorist suspect bin laden, officials said saturday.
 the united states has obtained new evidence to link the owner of a sudanese factory destroyed in a u.s. to a group backed by osama bin laden, the of u.s. intelligence officials.
 the man accused of directing the bomb attack on the embassy in kenya came of age in indian land where teen-agers leave home to the radical islamic academies of libya, and.
 the man accused of directing the bomb attack on the embassy in kenya came of age in indian land where teen-agers leave home to the radical islamic academies of libya, and.
 federal prosecutors in manhattan said wednesday that one of the men accused of conspiring to bomb the u.s. in kenya and tanzania august had met earlier with osama bin laden, the suspected mastermind of the attacks, and ``. ''
 in a rare statement about the bombings of two embassies in africa, the fbi said friday that two vehicles had been used in the attack on the embassy.
 the clinton administration, saudi 's intelligence official met privately with the leader of the september to try to persuade afghanistan to deport osama bin laden, the saudi exile suspected of the american embassies in africa, according to and officials.
 months after the bombing of the world trade center in february, one of the suspects tried to bargain with prosecutors in new york, offering inside information about the bomb plot in.
 before the attack on the embassy, u.s. intelligence officials received a detailed warning that islamic radicals were plotting to blow up the building, according to kenyan and american officials.
 president joseph estrada on saturday urged militant unionists at philippine airlines to accept a vote by workers approving a no-strike deal to the debt-laden airline.
 president joseph estrada said saturday the financially troubled philippine airlines will resume its flights on sunday singapore where he will address the world economic forum.
 philippine government is ready to give up its stake in ailing philippine airlines and will not infuse any additional capital if a new investor,, officials said tuesday.
 the number of labor strikes and in the philippines has declined this year despite difficulties asia ', the labor department said sunday.
 prospective investor cathay pacific wants the number of employees at troubled airlines to be slashed from more than # # # to but pal has not yet agreed, finance secretary edgardo espiritu said.
 ailing philippine airlines and prospective investor cathay pacific airways clashed over the laying off of pal workers, prompting pal to revive talks with another foreign airline, an official said tuesday.
 pacific airways said wednesday it had pulled out of talks to buy a stake in ailing philippine airlines,.
 airlines said thursday it will rebuild alone hong kong 's cathay airlines of talks on acquiring a stake in the carrier.
 christmas is a holiday in the philippines, and nowhere is that more evident at the headquarters of philippine airlines.
 china 's central government ordered the arrest of a prominent campaigner and use his contacts with exiled chinese dissidents to charge him with harming national security, a colleague said wednesday.
 china 's government said thursday that two prominent dissidents arrested this week are suspected of endangering national security, the clearest sign yet chinese leaders plan to quash a would-be opposition party.
 with attorneys locked or plain scared, two prominent dissidents defend themselves against charges of thursday in china 's highest-profile dissident trials in two years.
 china released a respected labor rights campaigner from a prison work camp sunday and.
 in response to criticism from home and abroad, chinese officials wednesday to defend their arrest this week of a prominent dissident who was trying to form an opposition political party.
 leader of a suppressed new political party will be tried on a charge of colluding with foreign enemies of china to incite the subversion of state power '' according to court documents monday.
 a chinese dissident fleeing a new round of arrests of activists in shanghai arrived here wednesday and announced that he and other opponents of the chinese government plan a demonstration thursday at the united nations to protest the crackdown.
 protesting the lack of a defense lawyer, the father of a prominent dissident is to seek a delay in his son 's subversion trial scheduled to thursday in the central city of wuhan.
 the trials of two prominent advocates for inciting subversion of the state thursday morning with the families of defendants to.
 in a speech to communist party members in the hall of the people, president jiang zemin made clear friday that china 's economic reforms were not a prelude to multiparty democracy and that the party' s.
