Schizophrenia patients imaginary voices in their heads gained some relief after researchers into small.
Scientists the mystery of schizophrenia have found evidence to date that the disabling psychiatric disorder is gene according to a universities.
A yale study scientists know about the link between schizophrenia and nicotine addiction.
Exploring a search for order, scientists who study the reality-shattering disease schizophrenia are becoming of areas of the brain where.
One of the most baffling mental illnesses and use know about combating the devastating disorder, a major study has found.
Cesarean babies may be more susceptible,
Of schizophrenia the best predictor of whether a person will develop the illness, place of birth are, according to findings of a large epidemiological study danish researchers.
The illness that afflicts an estimated million is rarely diagnosed
A massachusetts scientist who helped dispel the widely held belief that schizophrenia came from mothering has won albert lasker award, as america, for achievement.
By the time most psychiatrists encounter schizophrenia, its symptoms are already in full flower, but scientists have long surmised that the illness starts earlier,.
In schizophrenia plays havoc with the emotional capacities of those who suffer from it,
People s palms and fingerprints disorders, a group of chinese psychiatrists announced.
China 's military has ordered soldiers' to ensure waterlogged dikes back flooded yangtze river state media reported monday.
China was evacuating 330,000 the raging yangtze that officials were preparing flooding downstream.
Water levels on yangtze river rose sunday to their highest of the year, threatening more flooding downstream where.
China flood control sent
With the yangtze river 's latest flood crest weakening wednesday, chinese officials warned that spread in.
This year s serious swelling of the yangtze river has been caused by abnormal movement of the rain front in the areas along the middle and lower reaches of the river, chinese hydrologist.
Experts warned today that situation yangtze river favorable in which replaced torrential rain in the middle and lower reaches of the river with
China today the struggle against flooding
On yangtze river water levels on decreased today,
Big floods are possible in the yangtze river valley this summer,
Water levels at the middle and lower reaches of the yangtze river started largest flood peak this year,
Snoopy front of his typewriter a farewell message from creator charles schulz in the last new ``peanuts' strip running in newspapers.
Of charles s death day ``peanuts' sunday fans.
Cartoonist charles schulz has found a home brown, linus and lucy santa rosa famous resident strip in is building a 17,000-square-foot museum as a repository for his half-century of work, a two years.
On charlie drawing more than 18,000 comic strips regularly charles schulz has decided to put down his and charlie brown.
Message begins dear friends the world close and legends of ``peanuts'?
A self-portrait of schulz a doorway the cartoon art in.
The creator of the strip starring charlie brown and snoopy by people around the world, died saturday night at his home in santa rosa,.
Comics pages in newspapers around the world will on saturday a tribute humor the late charles schulz.
The comic strips nation s today were surprise one special, at year antonio, the national cartoonists society hatched.
Brown, lucy missing, was crew boss for dignitaries this week s groundbreaking for the charles m. schulz museum and
To combat fraud online ebay finds itself the subject of a investigation by the city s department.
When a s. signature turned out to be, the auction house apologized and.
Are investigating alleged fraud on ebay and other internet auction sites after consumers complained that they had been cheated.
In brave new internet customers of craig hare.
Auctioning one of the fastest-growing forms of electronic commerce $40 billion,
One of the first its traditional competitor, electronic auction service ebay agreed to acquire, san for $260 million.
When a company s internet site breaks down, it usually a a costly to site owners
Two online car sites want to do what: namely consumers and.
Internet auction pioneer ebay car autotrader.com, the two have created a web site for auctioning used vehicles.
Newspaper, the day may be thanks to the growing popularity of web auctions, the price to.
For years, michael mcnulty accused the government of lying about its actions during the davidians fiery tragedy.
General janet today recent fbi 's siege strained her relations with director freeh.
Sifting through thousands of documents four years to investigating the waco tragedy, a house democrat has turned up evidence that the justice department did notify congress about the fbi s use of incendiary tear gas.
Fbi lawyer '' goofed '' not superiors in 1996 that fired pyrotechnic canisters into branch davidians in waco a senator who investigated the deadly raid said wednesday
Fbi director louis freeh believing his agency s credibility is in question from the bureau to examine the deadly blaze at the branch near waco in spokesman tuesday.
The fbi released a friday in which agent describes tear gas near waco,.
New york said friday: the former sen. john danforth to conduct an independent inquiry into the fbi 's disastrous 1993 siege of the compound in texas is a promising development.
Washington issued a statement praising danforth 's findings, ``today' light and many that 'the events of april,' said
Answering the dark questions have lingered for seven years, john danforth said blame for the bloodshed in waco rests,.
New york said in an editorial: noted last the limited ``whether engaged in bad acts, not whether they exercised bad judgment '
U.s. attorney general janet reno pledged thursday to investigate the incident in which members of the davidian cult were killed as their fire on april 19.
The ioc opened a investigation thursday into olympic official ``bribes paid by the committee to help secure the 2002 winter games.
In salt lake international scandal
The board of salt lake will meet in emergency next the alleged rules violations winter.
Of olympic games salt lake city has embarrassed the olympic movement official allegations said monday.
His boss, the international olympic committee uncapped the biggest scandal in s history monday ``for honesty ''
Members of the delegation for quebec city 2002 winter bid feel of the scandal surrounding the successful bid salt lake.
The olympic executive of bribery rocked ioc says as many as 25 members might have received four the games.
Salt lake city should pay dlrs 14 its competitors for having cheated for 2002, the leader of a bid said friday.
Mahmoud paid dlrs 58,000 as a consultant for the salt lake bid committee in says he delivered access, not votes, to utah olympic boosters.
Insisting he bribed wrong, tom welch contends his organization in winning bid for olympics.
Australian olympic committee member phil coles should resign after salt lake city scandal commonwealth games said thursday.
An ioc ousted in the scandal involving salt lake city 's successful bid for 2002 insists gifts and favors he received influenced his vote, los times reported sunday.
Initial evidence-gathering, justice department officials have begun weighing whether to seek indictments of the scandal salt lake city successful effort to 2002, a law enforcement official said thursday.
The two organizers of salt lake city 's bid winter pleaded not to federal charges that bribe committee.
Ohio coach john cooper has his appeal to: if no 2 florida barely beats no
The bowl that crowned a people expected fiesta bowl title game
The bowl championship will bring new wrinkles to selecting national championship game.
Atlantic coast conference commissioner john swofford will be the coordinator for the bowl.
The new system for selecting teams for college football national championship is not better than used in the past, commissioner roy kramer said tuesday.
The football season wins officials of the a statistical rating system to top teams schools in the four-bowl.
The football season wins officials of the a statistical rating system to top teams schools in the four-bowl.
The new system for selecting the two teams for college football national championship is' s commissioner kramer said recently.
's a new a new no 1 new for gridiron-ologists as the bowl season and,.
A fifth bowl added to the bowl championship series a preliminary plan recently introduced to college football approval.
Thep -mq championship bowl championship series host the of a, officials said.
Three innocent men death in illinois spared
For death appeals two executions issue four rulings on capital punishment summer
Wisdom, a new poll says are evenly divided between death and life without punishment for first-degree murder.
Of death penalty cases that were appealed from 1973 through 1995, researchers the nation 'system' 'collapsing under its own mistakes
Three in san help learn swim against a tide of the nation,
Following passionate debate monday, the house of representatives defeated death penalty underscored the erosion of.
19 focusing exclusively on opposing the death penalty, nation s bishops issued a call friday to end capital punishment.
Admittedly their views, in recent weeks of death penalty.
Following ``separate 'article from slate online magazine and culture is available from the syndicate.
New york in for gov, ryan expected the national attention he has received for on death penalty.
Undated to capital-punishnent last week 's postponement s execution, missouri to top with the highest numbers of executions
Mattie describes her position on the death penalty as, the fort woman has a strong sense of the need and the importance of the justice system,
A poll released thursday shows that row has left the public and support for capital punishment in the united states.
Findings americans favor innocent might, several lawmakers thursday to renew see that
Iowa scheduled caucuses said
A bid to eliminate the state s winner-take-all '' republican presidential primary received a setback monday the proposal.
The republican and democratic presidential candidates debates in new hampshire in the nation s primary.
On presidential primary super some are after george w. al gore won primaries,
By accusations that he tried to stack the new york 's primary for gov, george pataki is proposing.
For months will not a quiet of center in charleston, or
Republican and democratic party state election officials tuesday the presidential primary the disproportionate impact presidential.
The comment on the of steve forbes presidential campaign was disseminated by the associated the executive director of a group that studies the financing of campaigns: ``so much with so little ''
Voting country has a national primary the major
California 's system, which allows voters to choose candidates without regard to party affiliation, violates the rights of political parties, the supreme court ruled.
Party of the united states held its first presidential forum of the campaign in new hampshire on.
Activist gary bauer dropped out of the presidential race friday after the last new hampshire republican party primary.
Mccain attack on pat founder christian, falwell the founder of majority long important republican shows a split within the republican party, analysts said.
An e. coli outbreak people visiting maine has been traced to contaminated beef minnesota,.
Nearly 500 people have been died in e. coli and health officials said thursday
More than 140 deadly e. coli in a cow last weekend, and
At least six children in northeast ohio have infected e. coli medina county, the state and cleveland monday.
The link this cluster of the themepark in marietta, ga., only the second time that chlorinated swimming is believed to have transmitted the
Epidemiologists have in laboratories the elusive bug they believe caused illness 60 students who north texas team weeks ago.
A died at a hospital albany friday may have been the second victim of e. coli sickened more than 600 people in.
Outbreaks of food poisoning a fierce strain of coli bacteria have occurred in,.
Japanese government responded today to the of to declare the outbreak an infectious disease
70-year-old man has become the victim food poisoning lanarkshire,, has warned that result.
The e. coli toll in canada have another deaths tuesday under investigation.
The to help financially strapped military has proposed surcharges on,.
A proposal to ban $surcharges goes before voters for the first time next month,
Bank and bankboston imposing fee on more than 500 connecticut a move criticized by customers.
A plan by england 's to introduce maximum $1 atm customers banks fee for violate antitrust laws, the state attorney general' s office said.
-- customers use bank atm machines are beginning to, or
Fleet group said monday that it would temporarily freeze its teller surcharge in at 75 cents, its current level, and roll back bankboston fee once merge.
The fees atm to withdraw money increasingly are under attack by state cities,.
Atms n't customers cash banks as well.
A pointed warning to san francisco about surcharges, california 's biggest banks announced they will stop letting noncustomers use cash machines in santa monica when a law barring fees takes effect.
A federal judge yesterday blocked san francisco barring banks from charging fees their atms.
Patricia thought cellular telephone distracted driver car fatally injuring her daughter.
A cell phone while driving will remain legal in connecticut, after a debate thursday used a legislation that would have banned the practice.
At & amp; t has sent a clear message to marlboro officials: the telecommunications giant support 's ban on phones while driving.
Mayor bret vetoed a measure thursday that would have made city the second community to ban telephone use.
New york city to passenger complaints commission passed a regulation thursday that prohibits driving.
It is cleveland
,, An, was driving home from work, he did what the car: his
State sen. smith wants arizonans to the sticker ``. has drafted a bill that would make it illegal to use a computer.
: Brooklyn, the first ban in the nation was created a year ago since. nearly 300 citations have been issued.
94 phone users are to nationwide, a new poll shows texans fear chatting drivers are a big wheel.
With more americans using cell phones, concerns are mounting about the danger of talking while they drive
Problems that threaten hubble repair billion spacecraft nasa told congress wednesday
Nasa repair mission this hubble telescope is in danger of shutting down.
Astronauts will rush hubble space this months early fix system.
Astronauts will make to the $3.8 billion hubble to replace components in the mechanism distant stars,.
``hubble, officials announced wednesday that they would launch a shuttle to repair failing parts on the observatory, months.
The six gyroscopes aboard the hubble space has an abrupt new to a space shuttle repair mission,.
Hubble space telescope ceased failure of precision pointing the observatory dormant until a space-shuttle scheduled to arrive next month said monday
The the but if all goes according to plan, the space window space decade, will soon astronauts repairing the failed works that forced.
After a chase the space shuttle grabbed hubble with its robot arm tuesday the observatory begin.
A pair of astronauts wednesday began the intricate process of repairing hubble replacing faulty gyroscopes that forced the observatory into hibernation.
The hubble space got smarter point at distant targets thursday as spacewalking astronauts replaced two pieces of the observatory.
Hubble space telescope, one tools, awaits a servicing this week for of instruments which.
Space shuttle discovery early this morning astronauts 10-day hubble space telescope
Saga bill monica stuff sheldon 's with barbara up some lines me as i set down you speak ``' d not wisely '' phrase`` 'd not wisely.' '
Former white house intern, monica lewinsky, received an decide whether to stand in an affidavit she did with u.s. president clinton the fifth her story.
Vernon jordan, a close friend of u.s. president tuesday appeared before a federal grand jury investigating accusations that clinton house intern deny their alleged affair.
Independent counsel kenneth starr has asked lewinsky to to give in days, news reports said on tuesday.
Monica lewinsky has been given full immunity for testimony in starr s of relationship clinton, attorneys tuesday.
Monica lewinsky is prepared to testify to grand jurors -- on thursday -- in the scandal,
Bill clinton a speech to dozens of religious leaders friday included monica his statement of having an and lying.
United states monday began broadcasting a videotape of bill clinton testimony before a grand jury on.
Bill clinton on january 21, 1998 extra-marital relationship clinton, the president of had with lewinsky, a former white house intern, was reported.
U.s. house prosecutor mccollum told in president clinton that former house intern monica lewinsky 's testimony' 'obstruct justice.
In a surprise move, house prosecutors asked tuesday to ``request the appearance '' of president bill clinton at a deposition for.
The senate moved thursday to bill clinton 's impeachment trial to a prompt conclusion, rejecting a last-ditch request by house prosecutors house monica.
Broadcast the world saturday of the u.s. former intern monica lewinsky recounted videotape of a affair cover-up to testify for the first time to bill clinton.
Britain 's defense minister praised czech on tuesday nato membership but said army has a long way to go to to standards
Canadian prime minister jean chretien said he supports the czech republic bid to join north atlantic treaty organization nato.
The czech and hungary will not compete with each other in join nato and the eu, hungarian telegraph reported today.
Prime minister klaus today criticized russia ambassador to czech republic for saying that russia would reconsider its relations with the country in.
President chirac today promised the czech republic do all it can to help prague join the union eu 2000 and the nato 1999 according.
Russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin arrived today for a three-day visit to discuss s eastward expansion with czech leaders.
The north atlantic treaty organization nato has decided to invite the czech republic and poland to join, nato announced today at the first of a two-day summit in madrid,.
The czech republic hungary and poland three countries join north atlantic nato, aiming to strengthen cooperation.
Nato general secretary javier solana thursday expressed satisfaction over preparations the is making to join nato.
Poland, hungary and the czech republic friday formally joined nato at a ceremony held in independence missouri
Partisan resurfaced 2000 the use of sampling, a method congressional.
House republicans questioned census bureau count schedule and said shortcomings may affect data collected for census.
A political issue makes its first appearance in federal court thursday as republicans try to prevent the clinton administration from using statistical methods in the census.
Clinton tuesday nominated new york scientist to head the census bureau mired in a legal controversy as it tries to get accurate for the year.
Excerpts from the decision by a three-judge federal lawsuit filed by the house over
Decisions in the lower courts, clinton administration officials and advocates of sampling the 2000 census to use of the controversial methodology if they do not court
A supreme court on monday struck down president clinton to use formula to complement count of the u.s. population in census.
A supreme court on monday struck down president clinton to use formula to complement count of the u.s. population in census.
Kenneth prewitt, s census nominee on thursday told the u.s. senate that it was crucial that the issue of statistical sampling be settled soon.
Board has approved in critics from center of
Local officials are not planning to change what their schools teach, even though state board of education standards importance the.
The audience was encouraged to applaud,, hallelujah, on '' '' not surprising,.
Nineteen states got s f 's in a report that evaluated new and religion.
New science standards were on the agenda, in the spotlight kansas board of education meeting tuesday.
The kansas board of education voted wednesday to delete evolution from the state science curriculum, in efforts to challenge the teaching of evolution in schools.
In kansas on wednesday when the state board of education approved new science standards of evolution
The world, kansas wants to get off.
Despite controversy swirling around dust in the fields,, teacher high school is clear: she will continue teaching evolution as she has for years,
Years after the scopes ``'' tennessee s report issued tuesday 13 states teach evolution.
Nation homeless people are being and cities putting ``meanness' 'ahead of compassion' s report contends
Of homeless families city determine if social disorders, a new study by new york university the the city s of subsidized housing.
Three weeks ago, when homeless people here as in the, a grim joke began making the rounds:
No longer homeless, only
Homeless year the most deaths recorded since the city began tracking statistics in 1987, the department tuesday
In milwaukee, homeless people arrested on heating grates,, more than 60 people died last year.
No the say
A sweeping national study of homeless people, almost half were homelessness,
Denver death in richmond, one was beaten, stabbed, then for display
Former tanzanian president nyerere today inaugurated nyerere in tanzania and called on africans to stand together and cooperate.
United states african deal with crises in africa civil war in, u.s. officials have said.
Kenya urged u.s. government accusing the recent confrontations between kenyan today.
Special envoy jesse sunday the kenyan government to halt conflicts people have been brutally injured since january.
U.s. special envoy jackson urged monday kenyan president moi during their talks to a people.
France will join the united nations peacekeeping force in the central african republic, which african peacekeeping force deployed january.
Kenyan president daniel arap moi urged kenyans to scrap tribalism in challenges in the millennium.
The south african reconciliation trc failed to address or find black-on-black violence which has claimed more lives in this country, affairs buthelezi said on saturday
Secretary flew to bangladesh on high-level talks two weeks after bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina visited to its may.
Over has become a major hurdle in the relations between bangladesh, indian affairs minister mukherjee said today.
Bangladesh faroq sobhan is expected to talks with india on long-standing issues troubling bilateral relations water-sharing imbalance the indian today.
Bangladesh india today delhi long-cherished ganges water-sharing a bilateral relations two.
Today a historic deal of ganges, which a in bilateral.
India and bangladesh formally started sharing water after india sluice-gates its farakka 30 time 0030 -rrb- agreement between the two countries.
India and bangladesh disputed border areas issue said
Indian prime minister bihari vajpayee hasina, held wide-ranging talks here tuesday on matters for ties between countries, official sources said.
Bangladesh monday received fresh assurance from india of reaching a solution to border problems february according to bangladesh news agency.
July -lrb- xinhua bangladesh india border talks in chittagong the of border clashes in both sides last week.
Of a 176-km-long power transmission line from of sichuan province to wanxian city of china 's youngest municipality,
China will lock of the river at the three gorges in early november, announced lu, manager of three gorges project development.
The three gorges power project in yangtze has received more than 270 million u.s. in loans from banks of china reported today.
China yangtze river three gorges project corp. chinese conservancy and hydropower experts act as consultants for the project to dam the yangtze river in early november.
The design for the three gorges project tgp has stood the test of reality, project official announced.
China successful dammed the of the yangtze today gorges project declared president jiang zemin at the project site.
China leading daily editorial highlighting project in the three gorges building dam the world largest project.
Dalaoling state forest park in central china ', the city the gorges project completed after two years has appraisers.
A senior official said that damming three gorges is running on schedule and will be completed by.
Gsm system mobile communications service at the china three gorges dam.
To relocate 125,000 people living in the area of the gorges power project to regions years.
24 two international organizations convened in bulgaria 's capital monday to discuss against a surge in car thefts, smuggling and insurance fraud after
The european nations pledged tuesday against organized child pornography and.
Interpol a new strategy for combating crime remain the, the organization s president said thursday.
Interpol to crime next century, the police organization s president said thursday.
Interpol approved an egyptian proposal agencies to share information of fight against terrorism.
Countries rebuked tuesday international heroin conference because the world biggest
A park,, consulting firm is working with,, to create a worldwide network that would act as an early warning system to help companies protect themselves from cyber attacks.
China interpol chief today expressed confidence in hong kong and its prosperity and stability cooperation between the and hong kong police returns to china on 1, 1997.
China to enhance cooperation with all countries and international organizations in fighting against cross-border organized crime, chinese minister of justice gao said here friday.
Chinese police to strengthen cooperation with their colleagues of the world international drug.
Vietnam has floated the price of cashews due to, an executive of association said.
Threw a pie in the face of camdessus, the international monetary fund, months ago.
Vietnam the largest cashew producer in the india and with 100,000 tonnes exported
1974-75 production has been on its downward year, said mtwara regional secretary mama mary luwilo.
If policy exporting cashew nut processing industry will stop production, secretary-general mhaca the here
India and sri lanka soon set up a joint venture to expand cashew both countries, the news reported on tuesday.
Vietnam is expected to harvest cashew last year vietnam.
Tanzania aims to raise its cashew production this year, the ministry.
National union parliament for the cashew processing industry, the
After three fatal crashes the air force is grounding t-3a firefly and.
The state department has ordered the world largest test-pilot to stop, fearing the classes may supply hostile nations with information about u.s.
The department lifted the ban it had at a private test-pilot over fears could teach hostile nations about u.s.
The and aviation tryout recruitment and flight-training as
, Fla -- martin wants to be a missionary ca a pilot for god.
Typically learn failure but
Some 150 pilots and flight technicians from china civil aviation industry attended a seminar on flight techniques for the next century, which.
Guanghan a small city south, capital of southwest china 's sichuan province city is home to china civil aviation flight college cafc, the higher education institute to train civilian pilots.
The chinese air force will train 37 more female pilots, the group of women has schooled in aeronautics since, today
Zhang earned his pilot s the xinjin branch of china college in southwest 's.
An international relief agency announced wednesday that it is withdrawing from north because stop starving people and the pharmaceutical industry instead.
The civilian population of kosovo a ``policy of terror '' that includes massacres off, according to a report by the humanitarian group doctors without borders tuesday.
Doctors without borders, revolutionized aid in to treat,, won the 1999 nobel peace prize today.
Madagascar 's epidemic is being one of the' s countries international aid.
Nations of allowing ethnic cleansing in kosovo, the belgian humanitarian group doctors without borders announced monday it was ceasing operations in kosovo.
Seven years ago dr. yared haile worked as a physician for his native ethiopia, remembers american patients with amusement.
Without borders, medical personnel most dangerous parts of the world but the peace prize.
At the formally in,, goldstein and suzanne shared the prize announced friday.
Evan lee, east boston physician, will somalian refugee he helped as a member of doctors humanitarian group honored with the prize on friday.
Hong kong doctors and nurses are to donate their on june 2, 1997, to msf, a world-wide medical organization dedicated to saving lives.
A mystery which puzzled s top scientists appears to have been solved by experts in central japan
Researcher christopher cutting-edge the mine deep inside a mountain has its drawbacks.
Once a neutrino does hit blast debris
In as physicists announced on friday that they had found the existence of mass called the neutrino.
This 17th-century village, old wayside the belief that buddha manifestations of the deep tenets of buddhist teaching.
Dr. frederick career in physics in the 1995, died aug. 26 at the university center in,.
To me, neutrino news -lrb- to ``neutrinos? the telescope searching particles is named after my niece who, in turn, is named after amanda.
A team announced neutrino 155-mile slice and
What many physicists consider to be the last that matter has been detected at fermi national accelerator laboratory chicago.
Scientists have found the first direct subatomic particle called tau neutrino neutrino known to particle physicists.
Intended to be a cheerful divorce upcoming division of canada 's vast territories tundra,
A new flag rose thursday in nunavut, the self-governing territory of canada 's inuit people celebrated its vows to surmount the daunting challenges ahead.
Fangs and tempers flare as territories argues snarliest questions gets the, 1.3 million north pole will split the region, a semi-autonomous for.
Map of canada native people in frigid north start to govern is still months off
Already fanning the to sufficent a feast the likes of which has never been seen in canada
A bold attempt to bring an entire region was thursday began canada for the new territory of nunavut.
Of paul okalik 's strikes a sad note eskimos he had no real hope about his future when he was growing up in community north.
Like harper 's always north native, he volunteered the inuit hamlet broughton island in canada' s eastern.
Territory, government buildings on nameless barely learned the legislature assault tuesday their education minister charged
Canada 's territory, into april, will face a series of social and economic problems and.
Canada 's the arctic territory, split off from the northwest, will cover cap and,.
The european s currency monetary such places as monaco the vatican and the islands of st. of canada
Currency is politics, prime minister alain juppe reiterated determination european currency.
British fight suggestions that uk be forced a new european exchange european single currency into force, today
British board of trade president lang wednesday warned that a single european currency could prove harmful to british business and.
Minister romano and french chirac today reached a consensus on the timetable for the launch of the single european currency at italian of naples.
Italian said today there was more to europe european goal european integration a political government and a political parliament.
The european single currency will january broad membership, according to a survey of prominent british economists.
Brushing european, senior executive of the european union wednesday that the single currency is gaining credibility.
The european union -lrb- -rrb- welcomed the entry in -lrb- -rrb- the european system and the of new rate the
The european parliament approved on thursday the european recommendation for countries to join january.
Following are evolution -lrb- the; '1980 --;; in;; transition maastricht proposal greenpaper transition; 1996 of the institute; 1997 of;; convergence 1998 original 1999 scriptural transactions using as; -- legal tender -- 11 accepted.
A official of the european union -lrb- eu said europe will become less costly for american companies when the euro comes in january.
With the for the first of last year, a new currency was introduced to the world markets.
The nation of mozambique,, bracing for
The nation of mozambique,, bracing for
Tropical storm threatening to wreak havoc aid agencies governments stepped up efforts to help those who.
Despite fears of more flooding in restless flood victims abandoning aid camps back to their devastated villages,
Heavy rains forecast mozambique british navy at the mouth of the swollen save thursday to speed food flood victims
As were making headway in hundreds of thousands displaced by flooding in mozambique, new floods hit northern region monday.
Saturday headline noticias hit a ``west closes its eyes to tragedy in. ''
Zambia 's parliament has set up a committee to raise funds for flood victims in mozambique, a senior parliamentarian said.
U.n. secretary-general kofi annan tuesday joined the u.n. agencies once again in calling for aid to mozambique flooding in the southern african country nation african over the past decade.
The united nations development program -lrb- and the national clearance -lrb- announced plan to the problem of landmines displaced by the flooding said
A small but item in u.s. mozambique this week is u.s. for measures to reduce the african country vulnerability to floods and tropical cyclones.
Mozambique has this week u.s. dollars in aid for the floods african country reports reaching on friday.
The 2000 information center run by canadian peter de jager
An estimated 150 million could be problematic.
As, litigation is flood keep for years
Y2k to church at first, pastor steve of the church was talking to his flock about the threat of year problems.
Grassroots organizers battling y2k say the federal government their efforts ``do n't worry everything fixed '' messages.
2000 problems affect the economy and stock market, but could cause the market, report
The 2000 -lrb- y2k -rrb- among hong kong companies a survey conducted by the council hkpc tuesday.
2000 -lrb- asian regional coordinators wednesday signed a historic declaration that will framework for the region approach to as the global y2k was closed.
Stockbroking companies in 78.1 percent of the total 61 are ready for y2k, the millennium, the kuala stock exchange klse said.
Philippine president joseph estrada underscored monday the need to step up the country system against the so-called millennium bug or y2k.
An influential from governing labor party saturday backed spanish requests to former dictator gen. pinochet, london for surgery, on allegations of.
British police said saturday arrested augusto pinochet on spanish years in power.
Eight years after ended, chilean strongman gen. pinochet is being called to account by spanish authorities for and.
Former chilean dictator gen. pinochet has been arrested a spanish warrant from chile that entitled.
Castro said sunday the arrest in london of chilean a case of ``international. '
Gen. augusto who ruled chile for 17 years spain asked that he be extradited for the chilean citizens authorities saturday.
Gen. pinochet former chilean at spanish remained under police guard sunday a potentially his on.
A judge more than once has challenged the spanish, garzon first to pursue notorious generals america for crimes in the 80s, offenses for which they had already been at home.
As a sign of how much chileans wish to forget their years of politics and repression under gen. pinochet, the immediate response to the arrest in london.
The arrest of augusto pinochet shows the growing significance of international law, officials accused have fewer places these days,.
German police raided several locations u.s. embassy, but no evidence of attack, said wednesday.
An islamic militant to retaliate and described 's no.
Prosecutors in said of the men embassies tanzania met bin laden, the suspected mastermind of the attacks, and
Taliban movement in afghanistan might consider putting bin laden on trial for a 1996 attack that killed american in saudi arabia, a saudi-owned.
About the bombings u.s., the fbi said friday that two vehicles had been used in the attack here.
By saudi official of to to to saudi of of american to u.s. and arab officials.
Several months after the bombing of the in 1993, one of the suspects tried to bargain prosecutors new offering about the bomb in exchange for a lighter.
Nine months, u.s. intelligence received a detailed warning plotting the building, according to kenyan officials.
A federal returned a 238-count indictment wednesday charging saudi exile bin laden with conspiring to bomb two embassies in committing terrorism against americans.
A district judge agreed tuesday to review lawyers for three men the of u.s. in jail in manhattan.
A car bomb exploded friday in a jerusalem with israelis for the, the blast killed two assailants, and.
A car bomb blew up friday in jerusalem market crowded with israelis the, the blast killed two wounded 21 israelis and prompted israel to suspend implementation of the accord.
Suicide bombers targeted a, blasts killed two assailants, shoppers and passersby israeli action on the peace accord.
Suicide bombers targeted a, blasts killed two assailants, shoppers and passersby israeli action on the peace accord.
Islamic militants are pulling israeli-palestinian from.
Islamic militants are pulling israeli-palestinian from.
The father bombing of a crowded jerusalem market said saturday his son had.
Egypt s president says there is nobody who believes israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu will implement the latest peace deal with palestinians.
A sent fleeing exploded outside friday, killing the two bombers, injuring 24 people the u.s.-brokered peace.
President clinton expressed sympathy friday said the attack should not derail the recent deal between israel and the palestinians.
In asia skies tuesday the most spectacular celestial fireworks in years, after preview monday
Satellite operators tuesday the earth passed comet junk zipping along
Whether on thailand or california, the skies for a glimpse of meteor
For the united states, the on. 17 is expected to begin at 2 43 p.m. eastern time and to last only an hour or so
1,000 years, a spectacular rain of meteors by a comet has lighted fear,.
One, the earth is hurtling into the path of a comet called temple-tuttle.
One, the earth is hurtling into the path of a comet called temple-tuttle.
The dense meteoroids unleash what may be the heaviest meteor bombardment since 1966, satellites will have maneuvered into the storm to avoid damage
The leonid meteors a schedule many sky watchers but as the full moon.
Northeast snow to persist into the afternoon
Swissair lawyers payments dlrs to those killed s crash nova a spokesman for the airline said
Hundreds of thousands of swissair plane the sept. 2 crash remains far off, said tuesday.
Hundreds of thousands of swissair plane the sept. 2 crash remains far off, said tuesday.
Temperatures rose to 300 degrees -lrb- -rrb- without traces of fire in the part of, an publication said
Swissair did in installing a entertainment system switched off last month in the crash of flight 111, the airline chief executive said sunday.
Swissair did in installing a entertainment system switched off last month in the crash of flight 111, the airline chief executive said sunday.
The federal aviation administration said thursday that whether airliners can get old would change from its longstanding belief that.
Investigators looking into the crash last month of swissair flight of have found ``heat damage '' in from the in-flight system, prompting the airline to disconnect the system of its jets, said.
The federal aviation administration on thursday abruptly ordered airlines that fly md-11s to two cockpit switches because one in wide.
After the crash of swissair airline gave the victims all the help offered
China to win its first asian games medal in the of taekwondo next month thailand, the official china sports daily said tuesday.
Thailand expects 39 countries to send teams to the games tajikistan, mongolia, the games' organizers said monday.
Despite catastrophic hunger at home, north korea plans to send 317 athletes next month 's asian officials said
Chinese swimmers, missing some of their stars, are eyeing japan as the team to beat at the games in thailand, an official report said wednesday.
Star striker yang scored a hat trick china in a lackluster 4-1 victory over cambodia, the second round the.
The top of world india to have a god, ``in bangkok are, the indian, the indians a match for the asian games.
China swim team will hit the water games on monday with a reminder of its story of drug shame.
China s swim team will hit the water on monday with a reminder of its story of drug shame.
China s women divers expect gold in the platform competition competition from kazakstan springboard.
China s women divers expect gold in the platform competition competition from kazakstan springboard.
Brazilian stocks dropped monday the lowest volume of president fernando henrique cardoso.
Attention has shifted in brazil from president s elections on which the success tightening measures deemed necessary to avert.
President austerity brazil voters to the polls sunday district
This time the presidential rolls royce is in the forget the inauguration sparkling and customs officials.
Brazilian voters appeared to re-elect fernando henrique cardoso in, the leadership of crisis.
Brazilian voters gave fernando henrique cardoso a comfortable lead in the balloting sunday,
To national elections sunday, as fled brazil interest rates watched government voting ended
The new times said editorial: brazilian president fernando has little time to.
Rivals fernando cardoso won important victories in gubernatorial races sunday re-elected a long-delayed government
The government, which pledged to slash discretionary spending by $7 billion, figures that reduction the amount
Hosni mubarak saturday a one-day visit to discuss regional problems with king fahd and other officials.
President mubarak of egypt will go to syria and turkey to cool tensions between the two countries which appear to be toward, top egyptian said saturday.
Israel is not involved in any way in the current, between spokesman said saturday
Turkish into northern iraq to attack government said send forces into syria to eradicate guerrilla bases, news reports saturday.
Turkish sent into northern iraq to attack kurdish rebels said send into syria to eradicate guerrilla bases,.
Egyptian president hosni mubarak flew sunday to try to defuse tension between syria.
Signaling want any potential military confrontation between syria and turkey, israel is limiting routine exercises with.
Egyptian president hosni mubarak flew to damascus on sunday to try to defuse growing tension between syria.
Turkey and to the point where the turkish commander reached ``a state of. ''
Arab concern tensions between, egyptian president mubarak flew notice to syria on sunday in an effort to defuse what is being portrayed in the middle east as an unsettling crisis.
Killed three soldiers and the disputed news agency reported
U.n. said wednesday making progress in his efforts to a settlement between portugal and indonesia on east timor said.
Are mulling new east talks between the at a crucial stage, according to a u.n.
Indonesia military said friday that it was against a threat from east timor group to.
Rebels in the disputed territory timor two soldiers captive wednesday after 11 they abducted in a deadly raid.
A candlelight vigil indonesian demanding that president b.j.
Stray bullets killed two villagers during a gunfight police indonesian region of aceh witnesses said
Indonesian legislators on friday chided portuguese extradite suharto.
The thursday documents from the ministry army is not the territory as
Indonesia national commission on human rights will investigate accusations that soldiers executed people in the province of east timor in a military operation against armed rebels said tuesday.
A major step toward statehood the on gaza international airport first to the world with cheers and patriotism.
A major step toward statehood the on gaza international airport first to the world with cheers and patriotism.
The first palestinian commercial flight landed s airport jordan the autonomous gaza strip.
Israel threatened palestinian-run gaza airport over security official said tuesday the.
Israel threatened palestinian-run gaza airport over security official said tuesday the.
Officials delayed two planes from palestinian airport wednesday tensions in a israeli-palestinian cooperation.
Two planes from off from the, of israeli-palestinian.
Palestinians euphoria the long-delayed airport a parade red-carpet
At 19,000 on saturday in the the from gaza 's international airport, capt.
At 19,000 on saturday in the the from gaza 's international airport, capt.
Leader moammar in the lockerbie bombing are '' very happy '' the netherlands and he would better relationship with the united states.
Libya has denied british that it is delaying the wanted up an american airliner over,.
President robert arrived monday after libyan leader moammar was clear his plane flew libya in violation of a u.n. air embargo on the north african state.
President robert arrived monday after libyan clear his plane flew libya in violation of a u.n. air embargo on the north african state.
Wednesday that top jailed lockerbie said a col. moammar gadhafi.
Secretary-general kofi annan said wednesday he may travel to libya next week in hopes of closing a deal to libyan the pan am bombing.
Secretary-general kofi annan said wednesday he is considering a trip to libya a deal to libyan the pan bombing.
Louis farrakhan, u.s. met libyan leader moammar gadhafi congratulated him on his recovery from a hip injury, state-run libyan radio reported.
Among roman against sea, sebastian cuisenier a visitor to a that world with tourists.
Everything on display libya these days seems to posters plastered mock six of u.n. sanctions, hailing african leaders to libya an international ban on air.
Foreign minister ismail cem said wednesday turkey neighboring syria despite a deal with damascus to crack down on a kurdish rebel group.
Russia s wednesday asked political asylum to kurdish leader ocalan, who is wanted in turkey on charges of heading a terrorist organization.
Russia s wednesday asked political asylum to kurdish leader ocalan, who is wanted in turkey on charges of heading a terrorist organization.
The foreign ministry protested the invitation 109 greek rebel leader greece.
Female members of a group were hunger strike tuesday in support of kurdish leader, whom they claim is being persecuted.
, Leader of kurdish insurgents sought by turkey, has been detained in rome after stepping off a plane from moscow, said friday.
Leader kurdish a terrorist by turkey has been arrested rome, a major with italy over extradition.
Leader kurdish a terrorist by turkey has been arrested rome, a major with italy over extradition.
Kurds began in the square of nicosia on saturday kurdish
A crisis between turkey have been at least the signing of an agreement in which syria agreed to stop supporting kurdish rebels demanding a homeland in turkey.
The united states and other powers moved saturday an overhaul of the world financial system to from pushing more countries into recession.
Fund said wednesday there global economic fortunes next year by.
When josue da silva stepped up to consumer society four years ago, the ground felt solid and
Financial leaders from world major economies as gathered saturday clinton faced unusual challenges japan and nations, which are arriving with different and even contradictory strategies for the global economy.
Brazilian voters appeared to re-elect fernando henrique cardoso in, the leadership of crisis.
Brazilian voters gave fernando henrique cardoso a comfortable lead in the balloting sunday,
To national elections sunday, as fled brazil interest rates watched government voting ended
Angry at what they consider the lenient treatment russia received in its bailout by the monetary fund, latin american officials and economists warned monday countries paltry.
The new times said editorial: brazilian president fernando has little time to.
As a economic team and president fernando off, brazilian officials put an ambitious package to through spending cuts next year
In a good year for democrats, barbara boxer won the u.s. senate with 48 percent of the vote, from state less has managed to lift her ratings.
Senate race new york this year this is the epic ideological battles of the 1990s: sen. d'amato, versus brooklyn congressman schumer.
Senate race new york this year this is the epic ideological battles of the 1990s: sen. d'amato, versus brooklyn congressman schumer.
As members, 's committee marked only the third time in nation s history that impeachment of a president has been formally considered on capitol.
Almost every member of the house committee paid some tribute to the constitution and the founding fathers monday.
Sen. schumer race for a attention news poll found
She says he is ``duplicitous,`` campaign tactics in the past
She says he is ``duplicitous,`` campaign tactics in the past
Rep. louise has been, she thinks he lost control of congress, that,
Of all difficult for the house formal impeachment inquiry into president clinton thursday.
Mental problems u.n. tribunal monday.
Yugoslav tribunal investigators return their official said wednesday
Assembly voted chamber whose the
A delegation investigators and prosecutors plans to visit next month at yugoslav war crimes wednesday.
Handing war crimes its conviction, bosnian serb thursday pleaded guilty to 14 murders.
Serbs after cars were raked by gunfire from separatist ethnic police said
Serbs after cars were raked by gunfire from separatist ethnic police said
President war crimes tribunal branded yugoslavia a rogue state thursday belgrade refused to allow investigators to probe alleged atrocities in kosovo.
With a u.n. war crimes panel investigating in kosovo, u.s. said saturday.
A man says lone shot this thursday how into a garden with to the ground.
Unknown gunmen abducted three a new citizen in chechnya after a shootout with their, a regional official said sunday.
A foreign office minister said monday that british company employees in the weekend was specifically warned to withdraw s, but.
The moscow has received no britons kidnapped nearly two weeks ago, an embassy official said wednesday.
A bomb exploded in a car carrying a senior cleric in chechnya thursday but he was not hurt, russian news agencies reported.
Chechen bodies of four had been near a remote village
Chechen remains of four kidnapped tuesday near a remote village in the breakaway region russia.
Chechen remains of four kidnapped tuesday near a remote village in the breakaway region russia.
Chechen authorities found the decapitated heads tuesday near a village after a search russia.
The severed heads of four victims,, were found on a road in chechnya, region russia 's emerged from war two years ago a wave of.
Torturers who carried out atrocities defending need counseling to ensure they do not repeat their crimes, an expert africa reconciliation body said thursday.
A panel probing apartheid-era abuses has accused the african national congress state said monday.
The institution s horrors issue a report that finds national congress shares blame for human rights violations as it struggled to rule.
A panel investigating apartheid-era atrocities said wednesday it will implicate the last president, f.w.
President nelson mandela acknowledged saturday the african congress human rights during apartheid at odds with his deputy president over a report that has divided much of south africa.
Facing a challenge, the truth and reconciliation commission said at its final report implicate s president, f.w.
From the final report issued by south africa truth commission: on the basis of the evidence available to it, the primary finding of the commission is that of violations of human rights was committed by the former state through.
The new york said in an editorial. the 3,500-page report of the african reconciliation commission, released on thursday, is the most comprehensive examination of a ugly past that commission has produced.
The 'truth commission offered was simple enough: apply for amnesty and.
The 'truth commission offered was simple enough: apply for amnesty and.
Bestowing martyrdom pope john paul honored croatia 's cardinal, a hero to roman catholics long of divisions in the balkans.
Bestowing martyrdom pope john paul honored croatia 's cardinal, a hero to roman catholics long of divisions in the balkans.
Declaring him a martyr of the faith, john paul on saturday honored croatia 's cardinal to roman catholics, in.
Declaring him a martyr of the faith, john paul on saturday honored croatia 's cardinal to roman catholics, in.
Declaring him a martyr of the faith, john paul saturday honored croatia cardinal, a hero to roman catholics, in.
A seaside packed pope john paul sunday to croatian.
A seaside packed pope john paul sunday to croatian.
Hailing the war archbishop martyr to the communist system pope john paul ii beatified him on saturday.
War archbishop of zagreb to the communist pope john beatified him saturday.
At paul ii urged the world to do more for the victims of the recently raged in kosovo.
Turkey government wednesday after a confidence vote scandal with
Turkey began trying to construct a new government wednesday: unite.
Turkey pro-islamic party said thursday not his rightful chance turkey government a deepen nation political crisis.
Turkey pro-islamic party said thursday not his rightful chance turkey government a deepen nation political crisis.
Turkey pro-islamic party said thursday not his rightful chance turkey government a deepen nation political crisis.
One of turkey 's leading politicians warned sunday that the domestic battle to keep islamists in the fight for the extradition of a kurdish rebel leader.
One of turkey 's leading politicians warned sunday that the domestic battle to keep islamists the fight the extradition of a kurdish rebel leader.
Turkey 's military warned monday the army into politics, after leader said the of a, virtue party, was quoted saturday as saying signals the army liked the tone.
Turkish president suleyman planned to meet deputy premier bulent ecevit on wednesday, stoking speculation that he center-left leader to form a new government.
Prime minister yilmaz lost in
Hit poland killed people, police said monday, most victims were middle-aged men who had been cold, according to police.
Arctic cold wave and blizzards have killed at least 62 people throughout europe and.
Cold wave and blizzards have killed at least 65 people throughout europe and monday
Krzysztof chmiel knows about homeless drinking, his the 47 of wednesday in poland 's arctic cold wave.
Weather in moscow killed at least 39 people in, medical said monday, has come the capital, freezing through most of the month.
More victims of poland prolonged found thursday the death toll from more than two weeks of freezing to.
More victims of poland prolonged found thursday the death toll from more than two weeks of freezing to.
The death toll from weeks reached 83 after
Death from of temperatures saturday, two men froze to death in their homes in northeastern poland.
National forecast inclement weather will affect northeast on thursday atlantic the region.
China friday central and northern philippines with at least,, drove more than 100,000 people from their homes.
Typhoon babs china on of on philippines main people were forced to flee their homes.
From a distance, coconut and scattered look broken, a reminder of the typhoon catanduanes
Typhoon torrential to taiwan and lashed hong kong with strong winds more people in philippines and.
Typhoon babs torrential and landslides lashed hong kong with strong winds sunday killing at least the philippines.
Typhoon babs a severe tropical storm sunday it triggered massive flooding in taiwan and slammed with strong winds.
President estrada donated pesos -rrb-, the one, to recent typhoons in the, presidential.
Consumer inflation in october, said
The price of cooking oil in philippines has risen drastically this month because of speculating on a copra, said thursday.
National forecast snow advisories thursday in southeast colorado drawn a distant upper-level low-pressure system over northern nevada ascend the sloping terrain.
Barnett in suburban home from synagogue,
Barnett in suburban home from synagogue,
Some of those whom said dr. continued to perform abortions in the face because he had what one called ``a stubborn courage ''
With no arrests reported in friday s slaying of dr. slepian, the doctors who publicly acknowledge performing abortions in the area remained in seclusion sunday as residents of this quiet suburb reeled from the news that sniper could.
New york said editorial on monday, oct 26: the murder of dr. barnett slepian is the latest assault on the number of physicians who still perform abortions.
In the '' list, in words ``working slaughter states. ''
In the final debate attorney general, eliot spitzer, the democratic challenger, accused dennis vacco sunday of ignoring the threat posed, helping to the this weekend s slaying of an obstetrician.
Five sniper attacks against doctors in the united states occurred in the last weeks of nov. 11 date as, call ``day. '
The killing of dr. barnett slepian in abortions has become a factor in two new york political.
With federal posted protesters waving pictures from the sidewalk, the clinic where barnett a. slepian performed abortions until he was slain on night reopened tuesday to work.
A fire jammed revelers killing 60 people and injuring sweden 's.
A fire jammed revelers killing 60 people and injuring sweden 's.
A fire swedish dance hall revelers killing 60 people and injuring 155.
Hundreds jammed into an upstairs dance the night rose friday to life in hospitals in disbelief at a fire that.
A panicky telephone call word authorities got fire delaying fire response that killed 60 injured, saturday.
Experts examining heavily to young people in a dance hall fire the catastrophe 's most question was
Officials on what might have caused the fire, grim abounded in newspapers
Officials on what might have caused the fire of possibilities abounded in newspapers
After life for two youths trapped in a dance-hall fire died early monday, bringing the death toll in the.
They were teen-agers whose parents had brought them here from homes by terror,, eritrea somalia and others in their new music parties.
Thousands rallied in tehran sunday to protest the rejection of scores of candidates for.
An embarrassing turnout election friday urged iranians to vote in large numbers to show confidence in the islamic regime.
Iranians voted expected to be dominated who.
Iran s official media boasted about turnout in elections friday for the country leader
Conservative muslim clerics leading national elections for a key oversees iran supreme leader, according to partial results saturday.
Conservative muslim clerics leading national elections for a key oversees iran supreme leader, according to partial results saturday.
Iran s conservatives won a decisive victory in elections for a assembly that oversees the country s supreme leader, official results showed sunday.
Iran s conservatives won a decisive victory in elections for a assembly that oversees the country s supreme leader, official results showed sunday.
Iran s conservatives won a decisive victory in elections for a assembly that oversees the country s supreme leader sunday.
Iran s conservatives won a decisive victory in elections for a assembly that oversees the country s supreme leader sunday.
It plowed over 17 caribbean islands, the lives of.
Things could have been worse, georges flirted with catastrophic 150 mph kph -rrb- atlantic entered caribbean near guadeloupe in a somewhat diminished state.
At a puerto rico last week clinton spoke of 39 million u.s. to hurricane-ravaged homes
Searchers recovered more bodies over the weekend by flooding haitian town death toll georges 150, officials said.
Haiti million hurricane, less than half of what,.
National forecast frost will cover the from western ohio friday morning.
The voice that haunts becker is a woman s filled with fear, who dialed in the dark on sept 25 as hurricane georges reached 100 mph over florida.
For last month georges across the caribbean, killing at least 500 people $5 billion as it weaved through nearly a dozen an early over.
In the look strikingly different cities in the 50 states like miami, houston and parts of new york
A disaster as terrible as hurricane killed teaches about the way
Days money year runs out, president clinton democrats monday escalated criticism of republican leaders for not moving faster on the 13 bills needed to keep the government running.
Congress is playing chicken 'the the federal time.
Congress is playing chicken 'the the federal time.
Days until temporary runs republican leaders tuesday a willingness to resolve a government shutdown.
New york said in wednesday, oct 7: in proceedings, president clinton and republican leaders are heading toward another confrontation on the budget government.
Days until temporary financing of the government, wednesday white house officials attempt to resolve dozens of spending issues and avoid a government shutdown.
Republican congressional leaders presented the administration with a list of want imposed on the international monetary fund for congress to approve new money for the imf.
Budget negotiations faltered friday, prompting until deadline bill to keep the government open
With the republican tax cut having died to a vote in the senate friday
The administration to consult about the international monetary fund deal with to provide the fund with administration and congressional officials said
That intention of backing away from his company 's, microsoft.' s chairman, bill has proposed acquiring software business 3com corp palm, according to people who have been briefed on the discussions.
Of antitrust against microsoft court monday a pointed attack gates' s testified that he knew little about the his company.
Government s case against microsoft around netscape communications corp. the government leading witness, james barksdale, netscape president and chief executive.
From, microsoft its chairman in federal court asserting not only common economy.
Of its franchise, microsoft corp. tuesday reported earnings level a year exceeding wall street.
That intention of backing away from his company 's, microsoft.' s chairman, bill has proposed acquiring software business 3com corp palm, according to people who have been briefed on the discussions.
Elevating to a felony and prison terms fines for corporations violating.
To refute a central allegation in the government 's antitrust case, microsoft produced a e-mail of netscape communications corp. microsoft' s cooperation to stay out that microsoft in netscape.
A lawyer for microsoft corp. the company competitor internet netscape. a and that culminated in a 1995 meeting at which the government and netscape say illegally offered to divide the market.
New economy is company rules fields like computer software
Kenyans whose relatives were killed in the bombing of u.s. embassy on friday said compensate for their losses.
U.s. prosecutors have asked germany paperwork to extradite a lieutenant of saudi terrorist suspect osama bin, saturday.
United has obtained evidence to link the owner of a missile last month to a terrorist group bin laden suspected mastermind, according to u.s.
Accused of directing bomb attack on the american embassy in kenya a gifted teen-agers leave home to enroll in the islamic of, pakistan.
Accused of directing bomb attack on the american embassy in kenya a gifted teen-agers leave home to enroll in the islamic of, pakistan.
Prosecutors in said of the men embassies tanzania met bin laden, the suspected mastermind of the attacks, and
About the bombings u.s., the fbi said friday that two vehicles had been used in the attack here.
By saudi official of to to to saudi of of american to u.s. and arab officials.
Several months after the bombing of the in 1993, one of the suspects tried to bargain prosecutors new offering about the bomb in exchange for a lighter.
Nine months, u.s. intelligence received a detailed warning plotting the building, according to kenyan officials.
President joseph estrada on saturday unionists accept workers approving a 10-year deal to revive the debt-laden.
President joseph estrada financially troubled resume international flights on the
Government stake in philippine airlines and will not new investor,,, said
The number of strikes and lockouts in has declined by asia the department said sunday.
Investor cathay pacific airways number of employees at philippine airlines pal has secretary edgardo said.
Ailing philippine airlines and prospective investor cathay pacific have clashed over the of pal, prompting pal to revive talks with an official said tuesday.
Cathay pacific said wednesday had pulled out of talks to ailing philippine airlines, the uncertain future at pal even.
Airlines said thursday it will rebuild after s cathay pacific airlines pulled talks on acquiring a stake in the ailing.
Christmas is a holiday and nowhere is that more evident than at headquarters.
China s government ordered the arrest of a democracy campaigner contacts chinese to harming wednesday.
China 's government said thursday that two prominent this week are endangering national security chinese
Attorneys up harassed scared two prominent dissidents thursday in china 's highest-profile in two years.
China released respected rights campaigner a prison exile the.
In response to criticism from home and abroad, chinese officials broke wednesday arrest a dissident who.
One leader of a new party will be tried. a charge of colluding with foreign enemies of china according to court documents.
A chinese dissident a arrests of democracy shanghai arrived the chinese government thursday at the united nations.
A defense father of a prominent dissident is s subversion trial scheduled thursday in the central city of wuhan.
The separate trials of two prominent democracy advocates of the state thursday the defendants to lawyers.
A speech delivered to communist party members in the hall of the president jiang reforms to western-style democracy and.
